Rick: Morty, you got to come on. You got to come with me.
Morty: Rick, what’s going on?
Rick: I got a surprise for you, Morty.
Morty: It’s the middle of the night. What are you talking about?
Rick: I got a surprise for you.
Rick starts pulling Morty out of bed and dragging him out of the room
Morty: Ow! Ow! You’re tugging me too hard.
Rick: I got a surprise for you, Morty.
Rick and Morty are in Rick’s Space Cruiser, flying over the city, late at night
Rick: What do you think of this flying vehicle, Morty? I built it out of stuff I found in the garage.
Morty: Yeah, Rick, it’s great. Is this the surprise?
Rick: Morty, I had to I had to I had to I had to make a bomb, Morty. I had to create a bomb.
Morty: What?! A bomb?!
Rick: We’re gonna drop it down there just get a whole fresh start, Morty. Create a whole fresh start.
Morty: T-t-that’s absolutely crazy!
Rick: Come on, Morty. Just take it easy, Morty. It’s gonna be good. Right now, we’re gonna go pick up your little friend Jessica.
Morty: Jessica? From my math class?
Rick: When I drop the bomb you know, I want you to have somebody, you know I want you to have the thing I’m gonna make it like a new Adam and Eve, and you’re gonna be Adam.
Morty: Whoa.
Rick: And Jessica’s gonna be Eve,…
Morty: Whhhh-wha?
Rick: And so that’s the surprise, Morty.
Morty: No, you can’t! Jessica doesn’t even know I exist but but forget about that, because you can’t blow up humanity.
Rick: I-I get what you’re trying to say, Morty. Listen, I’m not you don’t you don’t got to worry about me trying to fool around with with Jessica or mess around with Jessica or anything. I’m I’m not that kind of guy, Morty.
Morty: What are you talking about, Rick?
Rick: You you don’t have to worry about me getting with Jessica or anything. She she she she she’s all for you, Morty.
Morty: I don’t care about Jessica! You know what, Morty? You’re right.
Rick: Let’s forget the girl all together. She she’s probably nothing but trouble, anyways.
(Rick presses a button, activating the neutrino bomb)
Robot Voice: Arming neutrino bomb.
Morty: That’s it that’s it, Rick. I’m taking the wheel.
(Morty jumps up on Rick and starts fighting with him over control of the wheel)
Rick: Get off of me, Morty!
Morty: I’m taking charge of this situation, buddy. What’s gotten into you? I’m I’m I’m I’m not gonna stand around like some sort of dumb What are you, crazy? person and just let you blow up the whole world.
Rick: All right, all right. I’ll I’ll land. I’ll land. I’ll land. I’ll land the thing. Big tough guy all of a sudden.
(Rick deactivates the neutrino bomb and lands the cruiser in an open desert)
Rick: We’ll park it right here, Morty. Right here on the side of the road here.
Morty: Oh, thank God.
Rick: You know what? That was all a test, Morty. Just an elaborate test to make you more assertive.
Morty: It was?
Rick: Sure. Why not? I don’t know. You you know what, mo-
(Rick falls asleep, activating the neutrino bomb again and the earth begins to shake)
Robot Voice: Neutrino bomb armed.
Morty: Um…
Jerry: I see there’s a new episode of that singing show tonight. Who do you guys think is gonna be the best singer?
(A very tired Morty falls asleep at the table, smashing his face into his plate)
Summer: Oh, my God, his head is in his food. I’m going to puke.
(Beth helps Morty get up off the table)
Beth: Morty, are you getting sick? I told you not to practice-kiss the living-room pillow. The dog sleeps on it.
Morty: I wasn’t kissing a pillow, mom. I just I didn’t get a lot of sleep last night. Maybe my dreams were just too loud or something.
Summer: Or maybe you were out all night again with grandpa Rick.
Jerry (Angry): What?!
Beth (Disappointed): Dad?
Rick: What, so everyone’s supposed to sleep every single night now? You realize that nighttime makes up half of all time?
Jerry: Damn it!
Beth (Angry): Jerry!
Jerry: Beth!
Summer: Oh, my God, my parents are so loud, I want to die.
Rick: Mm, there is no God, Summer. You got to rip that band-aid off now. You’ll thank me later.
Jerry: Okay, with all due respect, Rick What am I talking about? What respect is due? How is my son supposed to pass his classes if you keep dragging him off for high-concept Sci-Fi rigamarole?
Rick: Listen, Jerry, I don’t want to overstep my bounds or anything. It’s your house. It’s your world. You’re a real Julius Caesar but I’ll tell you some tell you how how I feel about school, Jerry. It’s a waste of time a bunch of people running around, bumping into each other. G-guy up front says, "two plus two." The people in the back say, "four." Then the bell rings, and they give you a carton of milk and a piece of paper that says you can go take a dump or something. I mean, it’s it’s not a place for smart people, Jerry and I know that’s not a popular opinion, but it’s my two cents on the issue.
(Rick gets up and leaves to go put his dishes away and talks to Beth as he passes by her)
Rick: This was a good breakfast, Beth. You really made the crap out of those eggs. I wish your mother was here to eat them.
(Rick gives Beth a kiss and she starts to tear up in joy, moved by what he said to her)
Beth (Happy): Oh, dad.
Jerry: What? For real?
(Morty’s face slams into his plate again)

(Morty is in class at school and Mr. Goldenfold is yelling at them)
Mr. Goldenfold: All right, now, everybody get settled. Get away from the windows! Now, look, we’re gonna be dealing with some real serious stuff today. You might have heard of it. It’s called math and without it, none of us would even exist, so let’s jump right in. 2 plus 2.
All classmates except Morty: 4.
(Morty is seen staring at Jessica in love, saying her name while the other students answer the questions)
Morty: Jessica.
Mr. Goldenfold: 5 plus 5.
All classmates except Morty: 10.
Morty: Jessica.
(Jessica hears Morty and looks back, confused, but doesn’t know who said her name)
Mr. Goldenfold: Okay, good. It’s time for the quiz.
Class (Disappointed): Awwwwww.
Mr. Goldenfold (Furious): Yeah, you know what?! Aw, too bad! Tough! First row, take 1.
(Pass it back for me. The stakes are high in this room. There’s crucial things happening here every day. People getting smarter. Some of y’all getting dumber. Some of y’all ain’t gonna see 3:00.)
(Morty falls asleep in class and enters a dream-world with Jessica in it)
Jessica: Hi, Morty.
Morty: Whoa! Hi, Jessica.
Jessica: Can I show these to you?
(Jessica opens her shirt, showing Morty her boobs)
Morty: Wow. Th-they’re both great.
Jessica: Thank you. You know what I named these? My little Morties.
Morty: Uh, that’s flattering and a little weird.
Jessica: Do you know what I want you to do with them?
Morty: Rename them?
Jessica: Squeeze them. Manhandle them. Give them the business. See if you can shuffle them. I mean, really get in there and knock them around. No wrong answers.
Morty: Wow. Well, okay, Jessica. L-let’s give this a shot.
(Morty grabs her boobs and starts fondling her)
Jessica: Mm. Oh, Morty. What are you doing to me?
Morty: Uh, I-I’m just doing my best.
(It then shows real life, where Morty is seen folding an extremely furious Mr. Goldenfold in his sleep)
Mr. Goldenfold (Extremely Furious): Morty! What are you doing to me?!
Morty (Sleep Talking): Jessica.
Mr. Goldenfold: Morty!
Morty: Jessica.
Mr. Goldenfold (Less angry): 5 more minutes of this, and I’m gonna get mad.
(Mr. Goldenfold leans back and takes pleasure from this)
Morty: Je-Jessica. Jessica.
Mr. Goldenfold: Not my fault this is happening.

(After class, Morty is at his locker, where he is confronted by school bully, Frank Paliky)
Frank: Well, well, well.
Morty; Uh, morning, Frank.
(Frank pins Morty to his locker)
Frank: "Morning"? What was what is that supposed to mean? You making fun of me? Are you trying to say my family’s poor?
(Frank takes out a pocket knife and point it at Morty’s neck)
Morty: Oh, geez, Frank. I don’t know if a knife is necessary. I mean, you know, y-you kind of had things handled without it.
Frank: You telling me how to bully now? Big mistake, Morty and now I’m gonna cut you, ‘cause my family’s rich.
(Frank becomes frozen and Rick appears behind him, revealing himself to be the one who froze him)
Rick: There you are, Morty. Listen to me. I got an errand to run in a whole different dimension. I need an extra pair of hands.
Morty: Oh, geez, Rick. W-w-what’d you do to Frank?
Rick: It’s pretty obvious, Morty. I froze him. Now listen I need your help, Morty. I mean, we got we got to get get the hell out of here and go take care of business. (Belch) It’s important. Come on, Morty.
Morty: I don’t know, Rick. I can’t leave school again.
Rick: Do you have any concept of how much higher the stakes get out there, Morty? What do you think I can just do it all by myself? Come on!
Morty: Aw, geez. Okay. I guess I can skip history. What about Frank? I mean, shouldn’t you unfreeze him?
Rick: I’ll do it later, Morty. He’ll be fine. Let’s go.
(Rick takes off with Morty and then Summer comes by, seeing Frank’s frozen body)
Summer (In her head): Oh, my God. I’m about to walk past Frank Palicky. This is the story we’ll be telling our children.
(Summer, oblivious to the fact that he’s frozen, apparently, walks up to Frank and talks to him)
Summer: Hi, Frank. (Frank’s frozen foot breaks and he drops to the ground and shatters into a million pieces, dying) AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!

(Beth is at the Horse Hospital, performing heart surgery on a horse with Davin)
Beth: Scalpel. Davin: Scalpel.
Jerry: (enters the room) Knock, knock.
Beth: Jerry?
Jerry: My manager gave me an hour for lunch, and I thought, "hey, why not swing by where your wife works?"
(The heart rate for the horse starts beeping really fast)
Tom (Offscreen): We’re losing him.
(Beth adjusts the horse’s organs)
Tom (Offscreen): Okay, he’s back.
Beth: Jerry, please tell me you’re here for an incredibly urgent reason.
Jerry: Well, it’s lunch. I mean, it’s one of three meals that have existed for millennia.
(The heart rate starts beeping again)
Tom (Offscreen): Losing him.
(Beth adjusts the organs again)
Tom (Offscreen): Stabilized.
Beth: Okay, I only ask, Jerry, because, as you know, my job involves performing heart surgery.
Jerry: Well, yeah, on horses.
Beth (Angry): Excuse me?
Jerry (Scared): Okay, Let’s not rehash that fight. (Normal) I sense that you’re busy and will now be on my way.
(Jerry drops a pamphlet on the ground)
Jerry (Poorly Acting): Whoa! What is this on the floor? Some kind of literature for a really nice-looking nursing home. Hey, honey, crazy idea bad pitch let’s put your dad here. (Straight out serious) Let’s put your dad in a nursing home.
(Beth looks at Jerry extremely angry at him and the heart hate starts beeping again)
Tom (Offscreen): We’re losing him.
Beth: Hey, Tom! We know when we’re losing him. (At the top of her lungs) WE CAN HEAR THE BEEPS!

(Rick and Morty are in an alley and Rick uses his portal gun to open a portal)
Rick: There she is. All right. Come on, Morty. Let’s go.
Morty: Oh, geez, okay.

(Rick and Morty go through the portal and end up an a crazy alternate dimension)
Morty: Oh, man, Rick. What is this place?
Rick: It’s Dimension 35-C, and it’s got the perfect climate conditions for a special type of tree, Morty, called a mega tree, and there’s fruit in those trees, and there’s seeds in those fruits. I’m talking about mega seeds. They’re they’re incredibly powerful, and I need them to help me with my research, Morty.
Morty: Oh, man, Rick. I’m looking around this place, and I’m starting to work up some anxiety about this whole thing.
Rick: All right, all right, calm down. Listen to me, Morty. I know that new situations can be intimidating. You’re looking around, and it’s all scary and different, but, you know, m-meeting them head on, charging right into them like a bull that’s how we grow as people. I’m no stranger to scary situations. I deal with them all the time. Now, if you just stick with me, Morty, we’re gonna be-
(A gigantic alien monster suddenly appears behind them)
Rick (Terrified): HOLY CRAP, MORTY RUN!!!
(Rick and Morty take off, running in complete and total fear as the monster chases them)
Rick: I never seen that thing before in my life. I don’t even know what the hell it is! We got to get out of here, Morty! It’s gonna kill us! We’re gonna die! We’re gonna die, Morty!
(Screen cuts to black for the intermission break)
(Having apparently escaped, Rick & Morty are walking through Dimension 35-C, continuing their adventure)
Rick: Oh, Morty, take a deep breath. Breathe that breathe that fresh air in, Morty. Y-you smell that? That’s the smell of adventure, Morty. That’s-that’s the smell of of-of-of a whole different evolutionary timeline.
Morty: All right, Rick, look how much longer is this gonna be? Shouldn’t I be back at school by now?
Rick: Are you joking me? I mean, look at all the crazy crap surrounding us. Look at that thing right there. (A weird looking monster is seen cooing and rolling around on the ground) What the hell is that thing? You think you’re gonna see that kind of thing at school? (offscreen) Look at it just lumbering around. It defies all logic, that thing.
Morty: Yeah, Rick, I get it. We’re surrounded by monsters. That’s kind of the reason why I want to leave.
(They come up to a cliff and Rick stops him there)
Rick: Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta. Morty, you see this?
(Rick & Morty are looking down upon a vast forest of interdimensional trees)
Rick: You see what we just stumbled upon, Morty? Any idea what that is down there?
Morty: The mega trees?
Rick: That’s right, Morty the mega trees with the mega fruit on them and that’s what I’m talking about, Morty. That’s where my seeds are. If we would have done what you wanted, I would have never have found them, because you’re so in love with school.
Morty: All right, all right. So, what’s so special about these seeds, anyways?
Rick: You ask a lot of questions, Morty. Not very charismatic. It makes you kind of an (belch) Under (belch) underfoot figure.
(Rick gives Morty a pair of shoes and Morty proceeds to put them on)
Rick: Just take these shoes, Morty. They’re (belch) special grappling shoes. When you’re wearing these things, these babies, you can basically just walk on any surface you want, Morty up, down, below, turn around to the left. These things really bring it all together.
(Morty walks off the cliff and plummets to the ground, screaming and smashing into rocks)
Morty: AAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!!
Rick: You have to turn them on, Morty! The shoes have to be turned on!

(During Beth’s break, back at the hospital, Jerry and Beth are in Beth’s office, arguing)
Beth: I am not putting my father in a home! He just came back into my life, and you want to grab him and stuff him under a mattress like last month’s Victoria’s secret?
Jerry: I told you I was ordering you something for Valentine’s day. More importantly, your father is a horrible influence on our son.
(Davin shows up at the door and starts hitting on Beth)
Davin: Everything cool in here, Beth?
Beth: It’s fine, Davin.
Davin: Okay, cool. You know, we did something great today. There’s nothing more noble and free than the heart of a horse.
(Jerry closes the door on Davin)
Jerry: Since we’re fighting, if you ever have an affair with that guy, I will come to the hotel room and blow my brains out all over your naked bodies.
Beth: Look, I appreciate the stress you’re under, but Morty was having trouble in school way before my dad moved in, and the only influence I can see Rick having is that, for the first time in his life, Morty has a friend.
(The phone starts ringing)
Jerry (Sad): (Sigh) Well, maybe you’re right.
Beth: Uh, yeah, maybe I am. I’m my father’s daughter. I’m smart. Why do you think I’m a heart surgeon?
Jerry: (Cough) Ahem, Horse heart surgeon.
(Beth answers the phone and gets a call from Morty’s principal, Gene Vagina)

Principal Vagina: Hello? Mrs. Smith? This is principal Vagina, no relation. I wonder if you and Morty’s father might be able to have a chat with me this afternoon?

(Rick is standing by Morty, who is lying on the ground and his legs are broken)
Rick: Morty, oh, you really d-did a number on (Offscreen) your legs right now. You know, you got to turn (Onscreen) the shoes on, Morty, for them to work. Yeah, look I turned mine on. I had no problem getting down here. It was a leisurely breeze.
Morty: I’m in a lot of pain, Rick!
Rick: Yeah, I can see that. But do you think you’ll still be able to help me collect my seeds, Morty?
Morty (Angry): Are you kidding me?! That’s it, Rick! That’s the last straw! I can’t believe this! I’m sitting here with both of my legs broken, and you’re still asking me about getting those seeds?! Ooh! Ow! Oh! Y-y-you’re a monster. Y-you’re like Hitler, but but even Hitler cared about Germany or something.
Rick: Okay, hold on just a second, Morty.
(Rick opens another portal and leaves Morty behind, lying on the ground to suffer for a few seconds)
Morty: Ooh! Ohh! Ooh! Hnngh! Hoo! Ooh! Ohh! Aaaaagh! Oooooh!
(Rick finally returns and injects Morty’s legs with medicine, healing them to perfection)
Morty (Happy): Ooh, Ohh, Ooh. Wow, Rick. That stuff just healed my broken legs instantly. I mean, I’ve never felt so good in my life. Thank you.
Rick: Don’t worry about it, Morty. Just come help me get these seeds, all right, buddy?
Morty: Sure thing, Rick.
(Morty goes up the tree and gets the Mega fruit while Rick talks to him)
Rick: Not that you asked, Morty, but what just happened there is I went into a future dimension with such advanced medicine that they had broken-leg serum at every corner drugstore. (Offscreen) The stuff was all over the place, Morty.
Morty: Wow, that’s pretty crazy, Rick.
Rick: There’s just one problem, Morty one little hang-up. The dimension I visited was so advanced, that (belch) they had also halted the aging process, and everyone there was young, Morty, and they had been forever. I was the only old person there, Morty. (belch) It was like I was some sort of, you know, celebrity, walking around. I-I was fascinating to them. There were a lot of attractive women there, Morty, and they they they they all wanted time with me. I had a lot of fun with a lot of young ladies, but I spent so much time there, my interdimensional portal device it’s got no charge left, Morty. It’s got no charge left.
Morty: What?!
Rick: It’s as good as garbage, Morty. It’s not gonna work anymore, Morty.
Morty: Oh, geez, Rick, that’s not good. W-what are we gonna do? I-I have to be back at school right now. How are we gonna get back home?
Rick: There’s ways to get back home, Morty. It’s just it’s just gonna be a little bit of a hassle. We’re gonna have to go through interdimensional customs, so you’re gonna have to do me a real solid.
Morty: Uh-oh.
Rick: When we get to customs, I’m gonna need you to take these seeds into the bathroom, and I’m gonna need you to put them way up inside your butthole, Morty.
Morty: In my butt?
Rick: Put them way up inside there, as far as they can fit.
Morty: Oh, geez, Rick. I really don’t want to have to do that.
Rick: Well, somebody’s got to do it, Morty. Th-these seeds aren’t gonna get through customs unless they’re in someone’s rectum, Morty
Morty: Uuuh.
Rick: And they’ll fall right out of mine. I’ve done this too many times, Morty. I mean, you’re young. Y-y-you’ve got your whole life ahead of you, and your anal cavity is still taut, yet malleable. You got to do it for grandpa, Morty. Y(belch)-you’ve got to put these seeds inside your butt.
Morty: In my butt?
Rick: Come on, Morty. Please, Morty. You have to do it, Morty.
Morty: Oh, man.

(Beth & Jerry are at Morty’s school, walking down the hallway with Principal Vagina)
Principal Vagina: The fact is, your son, Morty, has attended this school for a total of seven hours over the last two months.
Beth: What? Why didn’t you notify us?
Principal Vagina: I done been notifying you. Have you not been getting the messages I’ve been leaving with Morty’s grandfather?
Jerry: Boom! Told you! In your face! He is ruining our child! Wait, what am I celebrating?
Principal Vagina: Yeah, see, I thought something was fishy there, because it’s usually Morty’s grandpa that’s taking him out of school.
(They stop to see Summer & some other students, crying at an obituary for Frank)
Beth: Summer?
Summer (crying): What kind of God lets this happen?
Principal Vagina: We had a little incident. A student was frozen to death. (chuckles) And there’s no evidence that a Latino student did it! Everyone wants to take this to a racial place. I won’t let them.

(Morty is exiting the bathroom at Intergalactic Customs, and passes by a bunch of aliens)
Announcer: The glarp zone is for flarping and unglarping only.
Alien: So, I told him, "give me the blimfarx," you know? This this guy he doesn’t understand interstellar currency.
Alien: It’s, like, I’m trying to eat a flimflam like, that’s what we eat on girvonesk.
Announcer: The glarp zone is for flarping and unglarping only.
(Morty comes up to Rick, who is waiting in line to get through security)
Rick: I don’t like it here, Morty. I can’t abide bureaucracy. I don’t like being told where to go and what to do. I consider it a violation. Did you get those seeds all the way up your butt?
Morty: Yeah, Rick. Let’s just get this over with, okay? I mean, these things are pointy.
They hurt.
Rick: That means they’re good ones. You’re a good kid, Morty. Those mega seeds are super valuable to my work. You’ve been a huge help to me. I’m gonna be able to do a-(Belch)-all kind of things with them. It’s gonna be great, Morty. A-(Belch)-all kinds of science.
(The aliens are going through security with a Gromfomite, letting them through)
Gromfomite: Okay, next through. (Stops Morty) Except you. You go over there.
Rick: Why does he have to go over there?
Gromfomite: Random check. He’s got to go through the new machine.
Rick: What new (Belch) what new machine?
Gromfomite: It’s a new machine. It detects stuff all the way up your butt.
Rick: Run, Morty! Run!
(Rick grabs Morty and they run through security and dart for the exit)
Morty: Aaaaaah!
Gromfomite: Red alert!
(A team of Gromfomites start chasing after Rick and Morty)
Morty: Ohhhhh!
(Rick pushes over a giant capsule, with an alien fetus over, smashing some gromfomites, to slow them down)
Morty: Ohhhhhh!
(Rick & Morty crash through a life support system for a trapped alien life form. The alien becomes freed, and starts running through the glarp zone and goes through the entire aging process from developing fetus to decomposing corpse, over the course of three seconds)
Morty (Horrified): Aaaaah!
Rick: Don’t think about it!
(Rick & Morty become cornered but Morty activates the grappling shoes and runs up the wall with Rick)
Rick: Ooh! Oh, nice, Morty! The student becomes the teacher.
(The Gromfomites reveal that they can fly and then Rick & Morty start running away)
Morty: Whoooooo!
(Rick & Morty run through the equipment on the ceiling, before they slip off to the ground)
Alien: Aah! Aw, hell, no, dawg. You know me I’m just trying to-
(Rick & Morty crash to the ground and the alien dies. They then run to the portal computer)
Rick: I need to type in the coordinates to our home world, Morty. Cover me.
(Rick tosses Morty a gun)
Morty: Oh, man. I mean, you know, I-I don’t want to shoot nobody.
Rick: They’re just robots, Morty! It’s okay to shoot them! They’re robots!
(Morty shoots a Glenn, blowing his leg off, and making blood gush out as he drops down in pain)
Glenn: Aaaaah! My leg is shot off!
Other Gromfomite: Glenn’s bleeding to death! Someone call his wife and children!
Morty: They’re not robots, Rick!
Rick: It’s a figure of speech, Morty. They’re bureaucrats. I don’t respect them. Just keep shooting, Morty. You have no idea what prison is like here!
(Morty continues shooting up the Gromfomites and even kills some innocent bystanders while Rick hacks into the portal to take them back home)
Morty: Holy crap! This is insane!
(Rick opens the portal and takes Morty in with him)
Rick: Come on, Morty! We got to get the hell out of here!

(The portal opens up in the lunchroom at school and Rick & Morty land on the table where Jessica & her friends are eating)
Jessica: Wow. Did you just come into the cafeteria through a portal?
Morty (nervous): Uh, yeah. Well, you know, my-my Ferrari’s in the shop. (nervously laughs) Just kidding.
Jessica: You’re Morty, right?
Morty (happy): Yeah.
(Rick grabs Morty and takes him way)
Rick: You can get his number later. Come on, Morty. We got to get out of here. You got to get those seeds out of your ass.
(Rick and Morty are stopped by Jerry, Beth, and Principal Vagina)
Jerry (angry): Oh, look, honey. It’s our son with Albert Ein-douche.
Beth (confused): What?
Jerry (put off): I’m an angry father, not an improvisor.
Rick: Oh, hi, Jerry. (poorly acting) Oh, my goodness, Morty! What are you doing out of class? We talked about this. Your-your parents and I are very disappointed in in this behavior… No? No takers?

(Rick and Morty are back at home in the garage while Jerry and Beth start taking all his things and packing them up so he can move to the nursing home)
Rick: You guys should really not be touching that stuff. It’s beyond your reasoning.
Jerry (angry): You’re beyond our reasoning!
Rick: Takes one to know one.
Beth (angry and disappointed): Dad, how could you make my son miss an entire semester of school? I mean, it’s not like he’s a hot girl. He can’t just bail on his life and set up shop in someone else’s.
Rick: What-what are you guys doing with my stuff?
Beth: We’re moving you to a nursing home.
Rick: A nursing home? What are what are you, nuts? I’m a genius. I build robots for fun.
Jerry: Well, now you can build baskets and watch Paul Newman movies on VHS and mentally scar the boy scouts every Christmas.
Beth (confused): What does that mean?
Jerry (put off): It’s personal.
Morty: Dad, mom, come on. Rick just needed my help is all.
Jerry: Morty, stay out of this. You are obviously not capable of judging these situations on your own.
Rick: What are you trying to say about Morty? That he’s stupid or something?
Beth: Oh, don’t high-road us, dad. You know fully well that Morty is the last child that needs to be missing classes.
Rick: I-I-I don’t know what you mean by that. Can-can-can you be a little bit more specific?
Jerry: Oh, for crying out- he’s got some kind of disability or something. Is that what you want us to say?
Morty: I do?
Jerry: Well, duh doy, son. Look, I love you, Morty, but we both know you’re not as fast as the other kids, and if you want to compete in this world, you got to work twice as hard.
Morty: Aw, geez, dad. Y-you know, that’s a lot to drop on a kid all at once.
Rick: Morty, t-tell your parents the square root of pi.
Morty: Oh, come on, Rick. You know I can’t.
Rick: The square root of pi, Morty. Go!
Morty: 1.77245385 Whoa!
Beth: What the hell?
Jerry: Holy crap. He’s right.
Rick: Morty, tell your parents the first law of Thermodynamics.
Morty: "The increment in the internal energy of a system is equal to the increment of heat supplied to the system." Wow! I’m so smart!
Jerry: But-
Rick: I told the both of you school is stupid. It’s not how you learn things. Morty’s a gifted child. He has a special mind. That’s why he’s my little helper. He’s like me. He’s gonna be doing great science stuff later in his life. He’s too smart for school. He needs to keep hanging out and helping me.
Beth: Jerry, I don’t want whatever’s happening here to stop.
Jerry: No, I-I understand. Uh, maybe we overreacted. But he has to keep going to school.
Rick: Okay, Jerry. You drive a hard bargain, but what am I supposed to do? Say no? You-you really wear the pants around here. I just want you to know, between us, from now on, it’s gonna be clear communication.
(Summer buts in, crying over the death of Frank)
Summer (in tears): Frank Palicky was frozen to death today!
Rick: No idea what you’re talking about.
(Summer leaves, crying)
Jerry: Okay. Well, uh, Morty, it’s your bedtime in an hour. Don’t stay up all night again. This is good, though. This can work. I think we can be a family and now, Beth, if you’ll have me, I would love to have you.
Beth: You know what? Okay.
(Beth & Jerry leave)
Morty: Holy cow, Rick. I didn’t know hanging out with you was making me smarter.
Rick: Full disclosure, Morty it’s not. Temporary superintelligence is just a side effect of the mega seeds dissolving in your rectal cavity.
Morty: Aw, man.
Rick: Yeah, and once those seeds wear off, you’re gonna lose most of your motor skills, and you’re also gonna lose a significant amount of brain functionality for 72 hours, Morty.
Starting right about now.
Morty: Ohh, man. (Losing consciousness) Oh, geez! Ohh.
(Morty drops to the ground and starts moaning as he has a seizure)
Rick: I’m sorry, Morty. It’s a bummer. In reality, you’re as dumb as they come and I needed those seeds real bad, and I had to give them up just to get your parents off my back, so now we’re gonna have to go get more
(While Morty has a seizure, Rick excitedly looks down upon him, telling him about their future adventures)
Rick (Excitedly): And then we’re gonna go on even more adventures after that, Morty and you’re gonna keep your mouth shut about it, Morty, because the world is full of idiots that don’t understand what’s important, and they’ll tear us apart, Morty but if you stick with me, I’m gonna accomplish great things, Morty, and you’re gonna be part of them, and together, we’re gonna run around, Morty. We’re gonna do all kinds of wonderful things, Morty. Just you and me, Morty. The outside world is our enemy, Morty. We’re the only friends we’ve got, Morty. It’s just Rick and Morty. Rick and Morty and their adventures, Morty. Rick and Morty forever and forever. Morty’s things. Me and Rick and Morty running around, and Rick and Morty time. All day long, forever. All a hundred days. Rick and Morty forever 100 times. Over and over, rickandmortyadventures.com. All 100 years. Every minute, rickandmorty.com.
(Jerry and Summer are in the living room. Jerry is flipping through channels on TV and Summer is texting)
TV: Coin collecting is considered the perfect hobby.
beautiful putt right there good birdie.
That's only the eighth birdie of the day.
(Snuffles walks up to Jerry are sits there, looking at him)
Jerry: What? Why are you looking at me? You want to go outside? Outside? (Sigh)
(Jerry opens the door to let Snuffles out but he still just stands there)
Jerry: Outside?
(Snuffles pees on the carpet)
Jerry: Are you kidding me?! Come on!
Summer: Oh, my God.
(Morty hears his dad yelling and runs into the room to check up on him)
Morty: What's wrong?
Jerry: Your idiot dog!
Morty: Oh, he he didn't mean it, dad. Did you, snuffles? You're a good boy.
Jerry: Don't praise him now, Morty! He just peed on the carpet! Bad dog! Bad!
(Jerry grabs Snuffles by the head and stuffs his face into the pee puddle just as Rick walks in)
Rick: Morty, come on. I need your help tonight.
Jerry: Hey, wait, hold on a second, Rick. You wouldn't by any chance have some sort of crazy science thing you could whip up that might help make this dog a little smarter, would you?
Rick: I thought the whole point of having a dog was to feel superior, Jerry. If I were you, I wouldn't pull that thread. Come on, Morty.
Jerry: Listen, Rick, if you're gonna stay here rent-free and use my son for your stupid science, the least you could do is put a little bit of it to use for the family. You make that dog smart or Morty's grounded!
Summer: Ha-ha!
Morty: Aw, man!
Rick: Boy, you really got me up against a wall this time, Jerry.
(Rick goes into the garage and quickly whips up a helmet and comes back and puts it on Snuffles)
Rick: All right, Ruffles What's his name?
Morty: Snuffles.
Rick: Snuffles, shake.
(Snuffles understands his and shakes)
Rick: Roll over.
(Snuffles rolls over)
Rick: Go to the bathroom.
(Snuffles goes out of the room, a toilet flush is heard, and then he returns)
Jerry: Holy crap!
Summer: No way.
Rick: Yeah, you're at the top of your game now, Jerry. Have fun. Come on, Morty.
(Rick and Morty go into the garage)
Morty: That was fantastic, Rick!
Rick: Yeah, Morty, if you like that, boy, you're you're really going to flip your lid over this one.
(Rick shows Morty a tiny metal ear-piece like device)
Morty: W-w-w-what is it?
Rick: It's a device, Morty, that when you put it in your ear, you can enter people's dreams, Morty. It's just like that movie that you keep crowing about.
Morty: You talking about "Inception"?
Rick: That's right, Morty. This is gonna be a lot like that, except, you know, it's gonna may-(Belch)-be make sense.
Morty: "Inception" made sense.
Rick: You don't have to try to impress me, Morty. Listen, tonight we're gonna go into the home of your math teacher, Mr. Goldenfold, and we're gonna incept the idea in his brain to give you A's in math, Morty. That way you can, you know, y-you're gonna help me with my science, Morty, all the time.
Morty: Geez, Rick, in the time it took you to make this thing, couldn't you have just, you know, helped me with my homework?
Rick: Are you listening to me, Morty? Homework is stupid. The whole point is to get less of it.
(Rick and Morty get into the space cruiser and start going off)
Rick: Come on, let's just get over there and deal with this thing. W-we're gonna incept your teacher. You're frustrating me.
(Mr. Goldenfold is in his home, watching TV on the couch, eating nachos, half asleep)
Mrs. Pancakes: You don't know me!
Mr. Goldenfold:' Nice, Mrs. Pancakes real nice.
(Mr. Goldenfold falls asleep just as Rick and Morty sneak in through his window)
Commercial Announcer: Next week on "The days and nights of Mrs. Pancakes"
Mrs. Pancakes: You don't know me!
Mr. Pancakes: Then let me get to know yo, damn it!
Rick: Uh-oh! Spoilers!
(Rick quickly turns off the TV)
Rick: I'm a full season behind.
Morty: Wow, Rick, I can't believe we're sitting around, standing around in Mr. Goldenfold's house. It's really weird.
Rick: It's about to get a whole lot weirder, Morty.
(Rick puts inception devices on everyone and they enter Mr. Goldenfold's dream. Here, he is sitting on the airplane and Mrs. Pancakes is the flight attendant serving snacks)
Mrs. Pancakes: Wheat thins. Wheat thins.
Mr. Goldenfold: I'll take two.
Mrs. Pancakes: Oh, I think you've had enough, sir.
Mr.Goldenfold: You don't know me.
Rick: All right, Morty, time to make our move.
(Rick grabs some sodas and a cloth while Mr. Goldenfold and Mrs. Pancakes play around with each other)
Mr. Goldenfold: Make it bounce.
Mrs. Pancakes: No, you didn't.
Mr. Goldenfold: Oh, jiggle it now.
Mrs. Pancakes: You better stop with that.
(Rick and Morty jump out, disguised as Muslim terrorists, wearing soda bottles as bombs and Morty wearing the cloth on his head like an Islamic woman)
Rick: Allahu (Belch) akbar! We're gonna take control of this plane! We're gonna 9/11 it unless Morty Smith gets better grades in math!
(The passengers are frozen in shock, but Mr. Goldenfold gets up and stands against him)
Rick: Hey! I said nobody move, buddy!
Mr. Goldenfold: The name's not buddy. It's Goldenfold. Nice to wheat you!
(Mr. Goldenfold throws a bunch of wheat thins at them, and it cuts their flesh like ninja stars)
Rick: Take cover, Morty!
(Mr. Goldenfold suddenly takes out two giant firearms and starts firing them at the two, just after Rick and Morty hide behind the seats, sheltering themselves from the attacks.)
Mr. Goldenfold: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Morty: Ooohhh!
Rick: Goldenfold's got more control here than I anticipated. I mean, the guy teaches high-school math. (Belch) I didn't take him for an active dreamer. We've got to take him out so he wakes up, Morty but we can't get killed. If you get killed in someone else's dream, you die for real, Morty.
Morty: What?! Are you kidding me?! Ohhhhhh!
Rick: Don't be a baby! You avoid getting shot in real life all the time, Morty. Just do the same thing here, and we'll be fine!
(Jerry is in the living room, controlling Snuffles and showing to Beth how cool it is)
Jerry: Now bring me my slippers.
(Snuffles brings Jerry his slippers)
Summer: Now, be my footstool, Snuffles.
(Snuffles stands in front of her and Summer rests her feet there)
Jerry: This is what I'm talking about. This is a dog.
Beth (Unimpressed): Oh, yeah. This should play out just fine.
Jerry: You said the same thing, equally sarcastically, at our wedding and guess what?
(Everyone is silent for a few seconds while Beth gives him blank stare. Jerry slowly starts to fade into a depressed state as Beth walks off, leaving him)
Snuffles: Ooowwwwowowwaawaa!
Summer: Oh, my God! He's trying to tell us something. (Offscreen) That is so awesome.
Snuffles: Aaaawwaaaaawaawa!
Jerry: Aw, he's saying "I love lasagna".
Snuffles: Ooooyayawawa!
Summer: He's saying "I love Obama". (Offscreen) So cute! I'm posting this (Onscreen) online, like, right now.
Jerry: I should call Bob Saget. Is that still a thing?
(Jerry and Summer leave the room and Snuffles sadly walks over the the glass door and sees his helmet in the reflection)
Snuffles: Hmm?
(Snuffles finds the battery case on his helmet and then goes into the kitchen, where he finds a drawer full of batteries)
(Mr. Goldenfold is still shooting things up in the plane and Rick attempts to make peace with him)
Rick: Goldenfold, we're coming out! We just want to talk!
Mr.Goldenfold: Why would I negotiate with you?
Rick: Because we're both rational adults that don't want anything bad to happen. And because I have a human shield.
(Rick takes out Mrs. Pancakes)
Mr. Goldenfold: Mrs. Pancakes! AAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!
Plane Passengers: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rick: Oh, no, Morty. His subconscious is panicking.
Plane Passenger: Oh no! Run!
(One of the passengers beats the airlock off the plane and everyone flies out)
Plane Passengers: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rick: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoooooaaaa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoooooaaaa!
Morty: Whooooa! Whoooooooa! Whoa! Whooooooooaaaaa!
(Rick and Morty fall out of the plane, plummeting to their dooms)
Morty: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
Rick: Relax, Morty. Look! Mrs. Pancakes has a parachute. Come on!
(Rick and Morty grab onto Mrs. Pancakes are her parachute deploys)
Mrs. Pancakes: Hey, you don't know me!
Morty: Oh, no, Rick, look! Goldenfold landed the plane, and he's created a (Offscreen) mechanical arm to pluck Mrs. Pancakes out of the air while he lets us fall - into a giant vat of lava!
Rick: Pretty concise, Morty. Looks like we've merely prolonged the inevitable. That's it, Morty! Prolonging the inevitable! Listen, if we go into Mrs. Pancakes' dream, everything will go 100 times slower, Morty. That'll buy us some time to figure this out!
Mrs. Pancakes: You don't know m-
(Rick slaps Mrs. Pancakes, knocking her out, and then incepts her dream with Morty)
Rick: All right, let's go.
(Rick and Morty go inside of her dream which is a bizarre S&M dungeon filled with obscure gooey, monstrous, alien-like creatures)
Morty: Oh, man, Rick, this is pretty weird.
Rick: Don't judge, Morty.
Morty: Okay. All right, well Look, Mrs. Pancakes is right over there. I'll just go ask her to tell goldenfold not to kill us when she wakes up.
Rick: Whoa, whoa, Morty, the trick to incepting is making people think they came up with the idea. Listen to me. If we're gonna incept Mrs. Pancakes, we have to blend. I'll talk to you after lunch.
(Rick leaves Morty and blends in and then Morty in confronted by a sexualized creature)
Sexualized S&M Monster: Ooh, hey!
Morty: Ooh, oh! Oh, man.
(Many more creatures come up and try to seduce him, making him more uncomfortable)
Sexualized S&M Monster: Come and join us.
(Morty starts running)
Morty: I'm sorry. No, no.
Sexualized S&M Monster: Ooh, come here!
Morty: No, thanks!
Giant Frog Woman: Ooh, wow! - Come over here, baby!
Morty: No, I'm okay.
(Morty bumps into a human being who looks very hot)
Morty: Whoa!
(The human is revealed to be his sister, Summer)
Morty (Shocked): Summer?!
Summer: Hey, there, stranger. What do you think of these things?
(Summer shakes her tits in his face)
Morty: Ohh! Oh! Gross! Gross!
(Morty starts running away from her and Rick comes up)
Rick: Whoa, whoa, whoa! What's the matter with you, Morty? Calm down! You're kind of killing the vibe in here.
Morty: It's Summer! Aw, geez.
Rick; Looks like goldenfold has some predilections so shameful he buries them in the dreams of the people in his dreams, including a pervy attraction to your underage sister.
Summer: Can you blame him? Come on, old man, little boy. Let's make an inter-generational sandwich.
Rick (In Unison With Morty): Oh, my God. Put some clothes on for the love of God Summer! Put some - I'm gunna puke! I swear to God I'm gunna puke!
Morty (In Unison With Rick): Oh, my God! Put some clothes on, for Pete's sake! This is disgusting! I can't take it, Rick!
(Everyone in the dungeon starts noticing them and then an angry centaur who is very much in charge shows up)
Centaur: Sexual hang-ups in the pleasure chamber are punishable by death! Off with their heads!
Rick: Time to go another dream deep, Morty!
(Rick pops the neck of the centaur and they hook up more devices and incept his dream)
(Rick and Morty appear in a dark and horrid red rusted chamber where the Centaur is shuttering in fear)
Morty: What the hell? Why would Mr. Goldenfold's dream version of Mrs.
Pancakes' dream version of a Centaur be dreaming about a scary place like this, Rick?
Rick: Geez, I don't know, Morty. Wha-what do you want from me?
(A horrible Freddy Krueger monster named Scary Terry shows up, and starts to horrify them)
Scary Terry: Welcome to your nightmare, bitch! RAAAAAWWWRRR!
Rick: Oh, here we go!
Morty: Ooooooohhhhh! Holy crap!
(Rick and Morty start running and Scary Terry chases after them)
Rick: Looks like some sort of legally safe knock-off of an '80s horror character with miniature swords for fingers instead of knives.
Scary Terry: I'm scary Terry. You can run, but you can't hide, bitch!
(Jerry and Summer are in the living room and Snuffles appears with a robotic arm attached to his helmet)
Jerry: Whoa! Hey, buddy. What you got going on there?
(Snuffles is now able to communicate and speak English through the helmet)
Snuffles: Snuffles fix. Make better.
Summer: Humans understand snuffles now? That is awesome!
Snuffles: Snuffles want to be understood. Snuffles need to be understood.
Jerry: Okay, yeah. I get what Beth was talking about. Fun's over.
Summer: Whoa, dad, you can't, like, endow a creature with sentience and then rip it away.
Jerry: Why not?
Summer: I don't know. It's Indian giving.
(Snuffles turns on the TV to a documentary on dogs and starts watching it)
TV: A sophisticated predator, nature's perfect killing machine, the vicious wolf stalks its prey with purpose and skill. It was only with years of selective breeding and genetic altering that this noble beast was transformed into man's subservient little buddy.
Summer: Aw! Oh, my God! He recognizes the other dogs on TV.
(Back in the dream, Rick and Morty are running for their lives, when they come across a creepy singing jump roping girl)
Little Girl: "A," "b" his name is scary Terry "C," "d" he's very scary.
Rick: Holy crap! We have to escape into someone else's dreams, Morty!
Morty: Oh, man, oh, man, oh, man!
Little Girl: "E," "f" he'll design your death
Rick: The little girl!
Morty: Huh?
(Rick and Morty knock out the little girl and incept her dream, only to go into a place exactly like the one they're already in)
Little Girl: "J," "k," he'll really ruin your day.
Rick: Are you kidding me? This again? Oh, man, it looks like we've hit dream bedrock here, Morty.
Morty: Oh, geez, Rick. W-w-whoa, this isn't good.
Scary Terry: Nothing but fear from here on out, bitch!
Morty: Ohhhh!
Rick: Holy crap, Morty. He can travel through dreams. He can travel through dreams! We're so screwed!
(Summer is sleeping in the middle of the night but is then woken up by Snuffles, who now has an entire robot body)
Snuffles: Where are my testicles, Summer? ... Where are my testicles, Summer? They were removed. Where have they gone?
Summer (Scared): Oh, wow. That's an intense line of questioning, Snuffles.
Snuffles: Do not call me that!
(Snuffles smashes the mirror, making Summer shriek in fear)
Snuffles: "Snuffles" was my slave name. You shall now call me Snowball, because my fur is pretty and white.
Summer: Okay, Snowball, just calm down, okay? You're scaring me.
Snuffles: Scaring you?
(Snuffles smashes the mirror, making Summer shriek in fear)
Summer: AAAAAAAHHH!!!!!
Snuffles: Tell me, Summer, if a human was born with stumpy legs, would they breed it with another deformed human and put their children on display like the dachshund?
Summer: Uhhh ...
(Beth and Jerry rush into the room, hearing her scream and they notice Snuffles)
Jerry: Hey. Oh, wow. Okay, is is is everything okay in here?
Snuffles: Jerry, come to rub my face in urine again?
Jerry (Scared): No! No, we were uh, just seeing if Summer wanted to uh ...
Beth (Scared): G-Go on, um, one of our famous midnight family walks!
Summer: Yeah. Totally. Let's go.
(Beth, Jerry, and Summer try to leave, but they are stopped by another dog with a robotic mind control suit)
Snuffles: You will walk when it is time to walk.
(Screen cuts to black for the intermission break)
Rick: What are we here for again? Incepting? We're trying to incept-
Morty: We're trying to incept me to get an "A" in math?
Rick: Oh, yeah.
(Scary Terry appears in the car)
Scary Terry: Buckle up, bitch!
Morty: Ooooooaaahhh!
(Rick and Morty start running)
Morty: Man, he sure says "bitch" a lot!
Scary Terry: You can run, but you can't hide, bitch!
Rick: Hold on, Morty. Y-you know what? He keeps saying we can run but we can hide. I say we try hiding.
Morty: But that's the opposite of what-
Rick: Yeah, well, since when are we taking this guy's advice on anything?
Morty: Hey, you know what? You got a really good point there, Rick. Like, if the truth was that we could hide, it's not like he'd be sharing that information with us, you know? I-I-I think it's a good idea, Rick.
Rick: Worst-case scenario we're back to running.
(A time lapse transition card shows up, reading "Six dream hours later". Rick and Morty are seen hiding and Scary Terry goes past them, still looking for them and not knowing where they are)
Morty: Wow, you know what? I mean, it looks like we could have just hid this whole time. Boy, Rick, that was some good thinking.
Rick: Thanks, Morty. Yeah, it's nice to be on the same page every once in a while.
Scary Terry: You can run But you can't hide! (Yawn)
Rick: Oh, this is perfect, Morty. Look at that. He's getting sleepy. Just a little bit longer before he calls it a day. That's when we make our move.
(Scene cuts back to the dogs. They are working in a factory and Jerry, Summer, and Beth are seen, trapped in a cage.)
Jerry: Snuffles, we didn't mean you any harm! This is a huge misunderstanding.
Summer: Dad, he wants to be called snowball.
Jerry: Well, I'm not calling him that. That's ridiculous.
Snuffles: You're being very aggressive, Jerry. Perhaps tomorrow Dr. Scraps will solve that problem with a bit of surgery.
(Another dog comes out with a pair of mayo scissors)
Jerry: Huh! You think you can control me with a haircut?
(Scene cuts back to the dream realm. cary Terry is going back home to his family.)
Scary Melissa: Hi, honey. You're home early. How was your day?
Scary Terry: I don't want to talk about it!
Scary Melissa (Angry): Oh, of course! You never want to talk about it!
Scary Terry (Angry): Get off my back, bitch!
(Scary Brandon, the baby, starts crying)
Scary Melissa (Angry): Out there. Not in here!
Scary Terry: Yeah, I know, I know. I shouldn't take my anger out on you or Scary Brandon. I love you, Melissa.
Scary Melissa: I love you, too, Terry.
(Rick and Morty are watching from outside the window)
Rick: Morty, this is perfect. After a little scary coitus, they should be fast asleep and then we'll incept him.
(Rick and Morty go into the Terry's room, when Terry and Melissa are fast asleep)
Rick: Looks like scary Terry's having a nightmare.
Morty: Oh, boy, Rick. I can only imagine what horrible things must, you know scare Scary Terry.
(Rick and Morty incept his dream and he's having a school related dream)
Scary Terry: Oh, no! I'm late to class, bitch! Oh, no! I'm not wearing any pants!
(Scary Terry goes to class)
Monster Teacher: Ah, well, Mr. Terry, why don't you tell the whole class the proper wordplay to use when one is chasing one's victim through a pumpkin patch?
Scary Terry: Oh, uh, um ... "Bitch."
(The class laughs at him)
Monster Teacher: Oh, come on, Terry, you can't think of a pun involving pumpkins, bitch? Morty: Hey, leave him alone!
Rick: Yeah, this is a bunch of bullcrap. Who cares what stupid pun you make when you kill someone? Why don't you let the poor guy say whatever he wants?
Monster Teacher: Well, I never! I-I see no reason to stand here and take this.
Rick: You're putting too much pressure on yourself, scary Terry. You know, I mean, y-you're perfectly scary enough as it is.
Morty: Hey, yo, scary T., don't even trip about your pants dawg. Here's a pair on us, fool.
Scary Terry: Aww, bitch. I don't know what to say.
Morty: You don't need to say anything. We got you, dawg.
Rick: You're our boy, dawg. Don't even trip.
(Scary Terry wakes up from his dream and sees Rick and Morty)
Scary Terry: Oh, hey, it's you guys!
(That morning, Rick, Morty, and the Terry family are having breakfast in the kitchen)
Scary Melissa: I haven't seen him this relaxed in years.
Scary Terry: If you guys ever need anything, just say the word.
Rick: As a matter of fact, Terry, there is something you could help us with.
(Rick, Morty, and Terry escape the dream and confront the little girl)
Little Girl:' "Q," "r," you won't get very far.
Scary Terry: I always hated that song!
(Scary Terry kills the little girl and then goes on to the centaur)
Scary Terry: These halves don't belong together, bitch!
(Scary Tells kills the centaur and moves onto Mrs. Pancakes)
Scary Terry: Sex is sacred!
(Scary Terry kills Mrs. Pancakes and launches himself at Mr. Goldensfold)
Scary Terry: This is because you don't give Morty Smith good grades, bitch!
(Scary Terry destroys Mr. Goldenfold, causing him to wake up from his dream, in shock)
Mr. Goldenfold: Holy crap! God damn! I know one thing for sure I'm giving Morty an "A" in math, and that's my idea. That is an original thought.
(Rick and Morty fist bump behind the couch)

Morty: What the hell?
Rick: Out of the frying pan dot, dot, dot, huh, Morty?
Morty: Oh, man, what's going on?
Rick: Well, it's possible that your dog became self-aware and made modifications on the cognition amplifier, then turned on Jerry, Beth, and Summer after learning about humanity's cruel subjugation of his species, but your guess is as good as mine, Morty.
Jerry: I can't believe how mean snuffles got just because he's smart.
Summer: This is why I choose to get C's.
Rick: Psst, Beth, Jerry, Summer.
Morty:- Dad! - Rick! - Oh, thank God, Morty.
- Oh, you're welcome.
All right, let's get out of here.
Rick: If we hurry we can set up camp in a sewer tunnel or something before the dogs completely take over.
Jerry: Whoa, whoa, whoa. We're not going anywhere. This is my house. I'm not abandoning it.
Rick: It's all over, Jerry.
The dogs are on a path to total world domination.
But, hey, at least they know not to piss on your carpet, right?
Jerry: Wait a minute. I have an idea. Gentlemen, a moment of your time. (Jerry pees on a pile of guns) See that? I'm peeing all over your special guns. That means I own them.
Snuffles: Bad person. Bad.
Rick: Ooh, great plan, Jerry.
Snuffles: Bring the boy to me. You were always kind to me, Morty. That's why I will leave you with your testicles. From now on, you will be my best friend and live by my side.
Morty: Th-thanks, snuffles.
Snuffles: Begin phase two.
(The military can be seen on TV fighting the dogs)
Reporter: Fighting continues as the dog army captures the eastern seaboard. It appears clear at this time that the era of human superiority has come to a bitter end. (Two dogs come into the news room with a muzzle)
Please! Please don't kill me!
Dog 1: What's she saying, Bill?
Bill: I think she's saying, "I love lasagna.
(Morty is in a bed with two naked girls, and a dog brings him refreshments)
Morty: Mmm. Thank you, Fido. Rick! I thought you were dead!
Rick: No, no, no, I was just playing dead. Good news, though, Morty. This whole thing's gonna be over really soon.
Morty: What?
Rick: It's a dream, Morty. We're in your dog's dream. The night the dogs captured us, after you cried and crapped your pants, we all went to sleep. Then I used my dream inceptors to put the two of us inside snuffles' dream.
Morty: But I-it's been like a whole year!
Rick: It's been six hours. Dreams move one one-hundredth the speed of reality, and dog time is one-seventh human time. So, you know, every day here is like a minute. It's like "Inception," Morty, so if it's confusing and stupid, then so is everyone's favorite movie.
Morty: Aw, man. I really liked this life. Well, at least I didn't really crap my pants.
Rick: No, no, that happened before you went to sleep, Morty. You're sleeping in your crap right now. Out of all the things that happened to you, that was the only real thing that, you know, is that you crapped your pants. I mean, it's a mess out there. I got some on my hands, Morty, and then I got it on the dream inceptor, and a piece fell in my mouth.
Morty: Aw, man, geez! Seriously?
Rick: Look, d-d-d-don't worry about it, Morty. Here, here take these, Morty. Take these.
Morty: Are these pills supposed to wake me up, or something?
Rick: Close. It's gonna make your kidneys shut down.
Morty: What?!
Rick: It's necessary for the plan, Morty. Don't even trip, dawg.
(Snuffles and a few other dogs, Rick also dressed up as one, stand around Morty, who looks close to death on his medical table)
Dr. Dog: It's pretty bad, emperor snowball. We're gonna need to do another operation.
Snuffles: Anything. Anything for my precious Morty.
Accountant Dog: Sir, as your accountant, I must advise you that these medical expenses are putting you in serious financial jeopardy. You could lose your kingdom.
Snuffles: To hell with my kingdom, bean counter. I would trade it all for my human's health and happiness.
Accountant Dog: Do you think they would have done this for us?
Snuffles: We are not them! We are not them. (Snuffles wakes up from the dream) Assemble the troops. I've made a decision.
(Outside where the dogs are seen portaling to another world)
Snuffles: Taking over the human's world will lead to nothing but more heartbreak, more cruelty. Instead, we will go to a new world and colonize it with a society of intelligent dogs, one that will not make the same mistakes as humanity and one where pet insurance will be mandatory.
Morty: I'm gonna miss you, snowball.
Snuffles: You can call me snuffles, Morty, and I'm going to miss you, too, very much.
(Snuffles portals away, Jerry starts tearing up)
Beth: Jerry?
Jerry: I'm sorry. It's just like the end of "Old Yeller.
Beth: Oh, Jerry. You mean because it had dogs in it.
Morty: Wow! A whole world populated by intelligent dogs. I wonder what it'll be like, Rick.
Rick: I think it will be great, Morty. You know it could be developed in-into a very satisfying project for people of all ages. I mean, I'd watch it, Morty, for at least 11 minutes a pop. You know, may-maybe they'll do it board-driven.
Morty: You know, that's a real comforting idea, Rick.
Rick: What do you know, Morty? What do you know?
Scary Glenn: Hi, guys. I'm your new teacher for scary class. My name is scary Mr. Johnson. Uh, actually, you know what? That's my dad's name, so why don't you just call me scary Glenn, yeah? So, anyway, I understand your previous teacher was having you work on fundamentals of fear. Which is what is that? You know? So, uh, here here's what I say you can't learn anything until you learn how to chill.
Rick: Oooh! This is how you dream, bitch. (Terry and Rick are getting stoned)
(Open Ext. Smith residence.)

(Outside, there is snow on the ground. The Smith house is decorated for Christmas, and Jerry can be heard singing "Last King Christmas".)

Jerry: *singing* Last King Christmas last arrived!

(Trans Int. Kitchen)

(The kitchen is a mess of food in various stages of preparation. Jerry pulls a ham out of the oven as he sings.)

Jerry: *singing* In the Christmas Christmas! *stops singing and smells the ham* Mmm… Jerry, you are really giving it to this ham.

(Jerry enters the living room, where a tree stands with presents underneath it. Beth and Morty are occupied on tablets while Summer uses her smartphone.)

Jerry: Um, Merry Christmas? *puts his hands on his hips* Helloooo? My parents are coming over for the first time in years! Can we stow the gadgets and look alive?

Beth: Alive? For your parents?

(Jerry snags her tablet away and stows it in a stocking.)

Jerry: Good one.

Beth: Hey man!

Jerry: You ‘hey man’! This holiday is about humanity.

Morty: *not looking up from his tablet* You know, I thought it was about being born half-God or something.

Jerry: Okay, whatever. All electronic items are going in the stocking. Now.

Morty: *hands over his tablet* Ohhhh…

Summer: Dad, I’m not giving you my phone.

Jerry: Put it in the stocking, Summer, or I’m joining Facebook.

(Summer gasps and drops her phone in the stocking.)

Rick: *offscreen* Ho ho ho, everybody.

(Rick and Ruben enter the house and Jerry approaches them.)

Jerry: More like whoa whoa whoa. What is this? My parents are coming!

Rick: Calm down Jerry, this is Ruben, an old friend.

Ruben: Pearl Harbor.

Rick: I check in on him once a year and give him a little *burp* medical *burp* evaluation.

Beth: Aw, Dad… That is so sweet.

Jerry: *squinting suspiciously* Yeah, it is… I don’t get it.

Ruben: Korea.

Rick: Don’t worry about your C-C-Christmas, Jerry. *leads Ruben away* Ruben and I’ll be in my workshop while you have another day in Phil Collins’ proverbial paradise.

(Rick and Ruben head out to the garage.)

Jerry: Huh. You think you know a guy. (The doorbell rings.) Okay, there’s my parents. Now remember, no TV, no phones, no laptops, we are connecting this Christmas, like old-school Jews on a Saturday. *opens the door* Hey hey!

(Leonard and Joyce walk in.)

Leonard: Merry Christmas, son.

(Jerry, not noticing Jacob, almost closes the door on him, then opens it back up.)

Jerry: Oh, hi. Can I help you?

Joyce: Jerry, this is Jacob. *takes Jacob by the arm* Didn’t you get our text message?

Beth, Summer, and Morty: No.

Jacob: You must be Jerry! That’s a fine lookin’ apron. William Sonoma?

Jerry: *smiling uncomfortably* I wish… But thank you. *closes the door* So… you’re a…friend of the family…?

Leonard: *puts an arm around Jacob’s shoulders* The way we see it, he’s a part of the family.

Jerry: Wow!

Joyce: After your father’s brush with cancer and losing your uncle, we looked at life and wondered how have we spent it? And how do we spend the rest of it? What are we going to be when we die? A list of fears and questions, or a collection of real experiences?

Beth: Holy crap, Joyce. That’s amazing.

Leonard: Then Jacob came into our lives. We’re learning to live again.

(Jacob puts his arms around Joyce and Leonard.)

Jacob: All three of us.

(Joyce, Leonard, and Jacob giggle. Jerry stares at them, confused and uncomfortable.)

Jerry: …Cool… Eggnog?

Jacob: Now we are talkin’! This man’s got the apron and the eggnog, huh?

(All laugh. Rick enters and starts laughing with the rest.)

Rick: Hi Joyce, Leonard. *looks at Jacob* Hello there.

Jacob: Merry Christmas, man.

Rick: Morty! A moment of your time?

[Trans. Rick’s garage]

(Ruben is in fits, laid out on a ping-pong table. He’s naked besides a towel over his genitals and his Santa hat.)

Rick: He’s in bad shape, Morty.

Morty: Aw geez, Rick! What did you do?

Rick: Gee, thanks Morty. What kind of monster do you think I am? I-I’m sittin’ here trying to save the guy’s life! (Rick straps a pack with a tube onto Morty’s back and puts an earpiece on his head.) I want you to find Dr. Xenon Bloom. He’ll know what’s goin’ on.

Morty: *extremely nervous* Uh… W-W-Where do I find Dr. Bloom?

Rick: In Ruben. *shoves a glass oxygen mask onto Morty’s head*

Morty: Ruben… Minnesota?

Rick: Ruben on the table, Morty! *hooks up the backpack to the helmet* Look, I-I don’t have time for you to wrap your little walnut around everything. *pulls a shrink ray into view and plugs it in* Hold your breath until the process is over or your lungs will collapse.

(Rick sets Morty under the shrink ray.)

Morty: W-What proc—

(Rick activates the shrink ray and Morty shrieks as he's shrunk down to a microscopic size. Rick picks up the container Morty shrank into and puts it into a syringe, which he stabs into Ruben’s chest. Just then, Beth enters the garage.)

Beth: Hey Dad, where's Morty?

Rick: He's busy.

(Trans. Int. Ruben's body)

(Morty continues screaming as he is injected into the body in a stream of pink fluid. He lands on something soft and abruptly stops shouting.)

Rick (through Morty’s earpiece): Morty, can you hear me? Head North!

Morty: Rick… Where am I?

[Trans. Garage]

Rick: *adjusts his own headset as he stands in the garage* Depending on my aim, you should be just south of the entrance.

Morty (through Rick’s earpiece): The entrance to what?

Rick: Welcome, Morty. (The scene cuts back to Morty’s view from inside Ruben.) Welcome… (Morty gasps.) …to Anatomy Park!

(The view pans to show an amusement park with a large Anatomy Park sign and various attractions and exhibits.)

Rick: It’s a little business venture I’ve been cookin’ up on the side with Dr. Bloom. (Morty enters the park.) An amusement park inside a human body. Science isn’t cheap, Morty. This should really help put a dent in the overhead.

Morty: Oh my God! This is insane! Spleen Mountain? Bladder Falls? Pirates of the Pancreas?

Rick: You got a problem with that last one, Morty?

Morty: Huh? No, no, I’m just reading them out loud in the order I’m seeing them.

Rick: Okay, alright, if I sounded a little defensive, it’s because Pirates of the Pancreas was my baby.

[Trans. Garage]

Rick: I-I got a lot of push-back when I pitched it, Morty. I guess I’m still a little defensive. Let’s just find Dr. Bloom, alright? I-I’m picking up a distress signal in the liver, Morty.

[Trans. Anatomy Park.]

Rick: Proceed to the liver.

(Following a sign posting directions, Morty hurries off in the direction of the ‘Haunted Liver,’ taking a shuttle to ‘Lower Abdomenland’.)

Automated voice: Arriving at ‘Liver’.

Morty: *stumbles forward and hits his helmet on the window* Ow!

Automated voice: Mind the gap.

(Morty exits the train and enters a dark, unkempt area with flickering lights.)

Morty: It’s really scary in here, Rick.

Rick: Liver’s under maintenance. Ruben’s seen some rough years, Morty. Don’t judge. You don’t agree to have a theme park built inside you if your life’s going great.

[Trans. Int. Haunted Liver]

(Morty enters a haunted house-style attraction. An animatronic wolf suddenly springs up behind him.)

Morty: OOOOHHH! Rick, it’s a monster!

Rick: No no, Morty. The only monster here is alco— *belch* —holism. (The wolf is mechanically pulled back into the wall.) That is an animatronic werewolf.

(A hand reaches from around the corner and a large, muscular man with a thick accent grips Morty by the throat, lifting him up and pinning him to the wall with his forearm.)

Poncho: Who are you? Answer me! Where did you come from?

Morty: Mmm! M-M-My-my-my Grandpa Rick sent me!

Dr. Bloom: Poncho! That’s quite enough.

(Dr. Bloom walks into the room. He appears to be a blob of goo in a roughly human shape with glasses and a walking cane. Poncho glares, then reluctantly lets Morty fall to the ground.)

Dr. Bloom: Morty, that’s Poncho. (Another man and a girl walk into the room.) This is Roger and Annie.

Morty: *staring sheepishly at Annie* Oh…

Dr. Bloom: And I am Dr. Xenon Bloom.

(A speaker apparatus emerges from Morty’s helmet. Rick speaks through it.)

Rick: Hey Bloom, it’s Rick. What the hell’s goin’ on here?

Dr. Bloom: I don’t know why, but the entire security system has shut down. And I’m afraid the exhibits are unlocked.

(Rick’s speaker retreats into Morty’s helmet.)

Morty: Exhibits?

[Trans. Ext. Haunted Liver]

Dr. Bloom: Anatomy Park’s greatest attraction, young man, isn’t the music or the food or the Pirates of the Pancreas.

Rick: Watch it.

Dr. Bloom: It is first and foremost a living museum of humanity’s most noble and ferocious diseases.

Morty: Diseases?!

(There’s a distant roaring noise.)

Poncho: Hey Doc, I have news for ya. (Hepatitis A lumbers towards the group.) Your living museum is officially a wild safari!

(Poncho begins shooting at Hepatitis A.)

Roger: Hepatitis A! Run!

(The entire group screams and flees.)

[Trans. Dining room]

(The Smith family, sans Rick and Morty, are seated for dinner with Joyce, Leonard, and Jacob.)

Jacob: Oh… *leans over and wipes some food from Joyce’s mouth with a napkin* The food goes in your mouth, girl!

(All laugh, but Jerry’s laugh is forced.)

Jerry: Aha… I’m sorry Jacob, I guess I’m still confused about the precise nature and origin of your relationship with my parents. Are you like a—Are you like their caretaker? Is that what it is?

Joyce: We can go into detail later, son.

Leonard: Now wait, there, there’s no point to secrecy. Let’s all live and die honestly. Your mother and I have shared forty years of each other, mind, body, and soul. (Jerry and Jacob smile at each other, but when Jacob looks away, Jerry’s smile becomes a glare.) And when minds and souls are joined for eternity, and when eternity is at the door, it’s an invitation to let go of the body, and an opportunity to share and experiment.

Jerry: Dad, please, what are you saying?

Beth: Whatever it is, it’s beautiful Leonard. *glares at Jerry* And we support you.

Jerry: Speak for yourself! Because it, heheh, it sounds like you’re about to say Jacob is your lover.

Leonard: No no no no no no. (Jerry sighs in relief.) Jacob is your mother’s lover. (Jerry again looks disturbed.) I watch them. Sometimes from a chair, sometimes from a closet. Almost always dressed as Superman.

(Joyce kisses Leonard’s cheek and the two hold hands, looking at each other fondly.)

Jacob: Oh… *reaches across the table and puts a hand atop theirs*

(Summer and Beth smile. Jerry stares, at a loss for words.)

Jacob: Jerry, this ham’s got to be all you, right? It’s in-cred-i-ble.

Summer: *smirks* Happy human holiday, Dad.

(Jerry appears more despondent than ever.)

[Trans. Anatomy Park]

(Poncho continues shooting at Hepatitis A.)

Poncho: AHHHHHH!

(The whole group rushes through a door before entering a code and shutting it.)

Dr. Bloom: Hepatitis won’t follow us into the respiratory system!

(They enter to a set of doors under a sign reading ‘Alveoli Forest’. Roger examines a meter near the door.)

Roger: That’s strange… *taps the meter* Air flow is down twenty percent.

Dr. Bloom: So the brain isn’t getting enough oxygen. That’s why security is offline.

Morty: W-Well, I guess we better check it out.

(The group passes through the doors. As the doors are closing, Alexander, dressed in a dog mascot costume, rushes up and passes through.)

Alexander: Hey, wait for me! *removes the head of his costume*

Dr. Bloom: *points his cane at Alexander* Put that back on!

(Alexander pauses a moment before putting the dog head back on. The whole group examines the area.)

Roger: If we got up to the bronchial catwalk, we could look for blockage.

Morty: *raises his hand* I’ll go. *glances at Annie* Heheh…

(Morty jumps onto one of the bouncy, round alveoli and clings to it.)

Poncho: Don’t be a hero, kid.

Morty: I’m not. I’m doin’ it because it’s fun. *he hops from frond to frond*

Poncho: *cocks his gun* We shouldn’t be here.

Dr. Bloom: Whatever you do, don’t fire that thing in here! We must save Ruben. This is my life’s work.

(Annie touches a growth of bacteria on some tar, which squelches, causing her to gasp in fear and recoil.)

Annie: Ah!

Dr. Bloom: It’s alright, my dear. Nearly all human lungs contain a strain of this bacteria, but the scar tissue… *prods it with his cane, seeing something has escaped from the scar tissue* …keeps them dormant. *looks up toward Morty, who is getting close to the catwalk* Morty! Get down!

Morty: Whoa! *grabs hold of the catwalk as a fluid drips down onto it* Whoa!

(Tuberculosis begins crawling towards him. He lets go of the catwalk and bounces back down to the group, pursued by the disease.)

Morty: Oh! What are those things?!

Dr. Bloom: Tuberculosis, coming in fast!

Poncho: *raises gun and starts shooting at the disease* Not faster than a bullet! Ahh!

Dr. Bloom: *grabs Poncho’s arm* No! Do you know what you’ve done?!

[Trans. Garage]

(Ruben coughs.)

[Trans. Lungs]

(The force of the cough lifts the whole group off the ground, then they fall back down.)

Dr. Bloom: Get to the digestive tract! He’s coughing!

(The group starts running.)

[Trans. Garage]

(Ruben coughs several times again.)

[Trans. Lungs]

(The group all manages to push through besides Alexander. Morty rushes back to help him as his dog mask is blown from his face. Morty grabs a frond and reaches for Alexander’s hand.)

Alexander: Waaaah! Don’t let me die!

[Trans. Garage]

(Rick looks down over Ruben’s mouth.)

Rick: Just take a deep breath, Ruben.

(Ruben inhales deeply.)

[Trans. Lungs]

Morty: You’re not gonna die! What’s your name?

Alexander: My name is… *his hand slips from Morty’s and he’s coughed up* ALEXANDEEEEEEEER!

(Alexander’s skin and soft tissue are peeled off as Ruben coughs into Rick’s face, getting some spittle, including Alexander, on Rick’s forehead.)

(The group, minus the now-dead Alexander, escape the respiratory system. Morty presses the speaker on his helmet.)

Morty: Rick! Ruben’s got tuberculosis!

[Trans. Garage]

Rick: Oh, great work, Morty. *pulls a massive syringe form his lab coat* I’ll just cure it, and then—

(Ruben’s heart monitor flatlines. Rick tosses the syringe over his shoulder.)

Rick: Okay. Well I can’t cure death. This is bad, Morty. You’re trapped in a dead man. Listen, if the situation keeps darkening, do yourself a favor—

[Trans. Anatomy Park]

Rick: —and hop by Pirates of the Pancreas. Obviously I’m biased, but, I think it’s great, Morty.

[Trans. Garage]

Rick: *sitting in a lounge chair, pulls out a flask* It’s a bunch of pirates runnin’ around a-a-a- pancreas. We don’t whitewash it either, Morty. The pirates are really rapey. The top priority is to get you guys out of there, but I’m just saying, if that becomes impossible—

[Trans. Anatomy Park]

(The group listens to Rick, all looking glum.)

Rick: —please, you gotta treat yourself.

(The group is headed to the digestive tract.)

Morty: Geez, what’s that horrible smell?

Dr. Bloom: You mean the Panda Express? *chuckles* Kidding, I-I’m kidding. (As he speaks, Poncho and Roger stock up on bottled water from the Panda Express.) The body is beginning to constrict and fill with gas. We’re inside a corpse, my boy. Anatomy Park is doomed.

Morty: Forget about the park, Doctor! How do we get out?!

Dr. Bloom: The digestive tract is the evacuation route. Get it? There’s an emergency station in the colon with a ray that can enlarge us all.

Morty: Everybody! Get to the colon!

Poncho: Now I’m takin’ orders from a twelve-year-old boy?!

(As they walk, Dr. Bloom speaks privately with Morty.)

Dr. Bloom: Morty. The scar sacs containing the tuberculosis were sabotaged. This disaster was an inside job. Keep your eyes on Annie. She was written up several times by her manager at the churro stand.

Roger: Intestines are ahead to the left. Then the right. Then left. Et cetera.

(Morty slows to walk beside Annie.)

Morty: Hey, just so you know, I-I’m actually fourteen. So, you know…

Annie: What?

Morty: Not twelve.

Annie: Okay.

Morty: Because he just said I was twelve.

Annie: Oh. Good for you.

(She walks ahead of him.)

Rick (through speaker): Oh. Oh, Morty. Strike one.

Morty: *slumps forward* Nnn…

[Trans. Small intestine]

(The group travel down the small intestine in a raft, surrounded by animatronics singing ‘It’s a Small, Small Intestine.’)

Animatronics: *singing* It’s a road of laughter, a trail of food. It’s a pathway that breaks up the fat in food. It’s a tube in the chest and it sends out the rest. It’s a small, small intestine!

Roger: It goes on like this for miles…

Dr. Bloom: *excitedly* And then we get to the large intestine!

(A low rumbling can be heard.)

Poncho: Shh. *shines flashlight* I hear something.

(Gonorrhea rises up from the river of waste.)

Dr. Bloom: *whispers* Don’t move. Gonorrhea can’t see us if we don’t move.

(Gonorrhea roars viciously and moves towards them.)

Dr. Bloom: Wait! I was wrong! I was thinking of a T-rex.

(Poncho pulls out a gun, but before he can fire, Gonorrhea capsizes the boat and they all fall overboard. They swim to the ‘shore’ on the side of the intestine.)

Annie: We’re sitting ducks!

Morty: Doc! Didn’t you say the body was filling up with gas?

Dr. Bloom: Yes. Why?

Poncho: Kid! You’re a genius! *pulls out a match*

Dr. Bloom: Are you mad?!

Morty: *grabs Annie’s hand* Everybody! In here!

(They all rush into a cavity in the intestinal lining. Poncho lights the match.)

Poncho: Hey Gonorrhea! How’s this for a burning sensation?

(He throws the match towards the disease, where it ignites the gas and causes an explosion. Gonorrhea falls down, dead. Annie hugs Morty, who laughs.)

[Trans. Smith family living room]

(Leonard, Summer, Joyce, Jacob, Beth, and Jerry sit in a semicircle on the carpet. Jerry scowls and slumps. Leonard is playing a set of bongos while Summer sings.)

Summer: *singing* Drummer, drum, drum, drum! Drummer, drum, drum drum drum, Christmas drums!

Leonard: Oh, Summer. Sing it! Haha.

Summer: Christmas drums being played by a boy!

(Beth is clapping along when she notices Jerry sulking. She puts an arm around him.)

Beth: Jerry, come on. This is what you wanted.

Jerry: I get it, Beth. Be careful what you wish for. I’m being punished for taking your iPad.

Beth: What? Jerry, let that stuff go, okay? I’m sorry I was a bitch earlier. Let’s just be here.

(Ethan walks up to the sliding glass doors and lets himself into the house.)

Ethan: Ugh… Summer!

Summer: *stands up* Ethan, what are you doing here?

Ethan: I’ve been texting you for hours. What the hell?!

Summer: I don’t have my phone! I’m doing a human holiday!

Ethan: Did you even consider how that might make me feel?

Summer: How you feel? Why is everything always happening to you?!

Jerry: *stands up* Summer, do you have a boyfriend?

Ethan: Yeah, do you, Summer?

Summer: I don’t know Ethan, do I?

Jacob: *stands up and puts a hand on Ethan and Summer’s shoulders* Jerry, no disrespect, but you really need to connect more with your family, man.

(Jerry stares at him, flabbergasted.)

[Trans. Anatomy Park]

(The group runs through another metal security door and hurry down a platform to a growth ray.)

Roger: I should be able to access the backup generator to get the growth ray back online. If it works, we’ll be regular-sized in a few minutes. I just hope Ruben’s not in a room with white carpets or upholstery.

(Something roars in the distance, causing the area to rumble.)

Poncho: What the hell is that?

Dr. Bloom: The sphincter dam. We built it when Ruben became incontinent, but it was not designed to hold a corpse-load.

(The dam is clearly close to giving way. Roger keeps working to get the growth ray active.)

Roger: Almost got it. Everybody, move inside the circle!

(Morty notices a strange, black creature in Poncho’s backpack.)

Morty: Poncho? What is this in your backpack?

(Poncho turns around to face Morty, giving Dr. Bloom a view of the creature.)

Dr. Bloom: That’s bubonic plague! What are you doing with that, Poncho?

(Poncho grabs hold of Annie and holds a knife to her throat. Annie gasps and tries to kick free.)

Poncho: Everybody get back!

Dr. Bloom: Poncho, you son of a bitch! You released the tuberculosis so you could steal from me?

Poncho: *laughs* That’s right, baby. A lot of people would pay top dollar to decimate the population. I’ll take the highest bidder. Al Quaeda. North Korea. Republicans! Shriners! Balding men that work out! People on the Internet that are only turned on by cartoons of Japanese teenagers! Anything is better than working for you! *points the knife at Dr. Bloom* You pompous, negligent, iTunes Gift Card as a holiday bonus-giving—

Morty: AHHHHH!!!

(Morty leaps up and grabs onto Poncho’s helmet, allowing Annie to escape. He punches Poncho repeatedly before Poncho pulls him off his face and throws him to the ground, where Roger helps him up. Poncho laughs evilly, but stops short when Bubonic Plague bites his shoulder.)

Poncho: Ah! Eh! Get! Get off! *he backs up and falls over the railing* Ahhhh!

(The four remaining look over the edge as he falls to his death. Just then, the sphincter dam begins groaning, almost giving way.)

Annie: You guys!

Roger: It’s gonna burst! *urges the others on* Go! Go, go, go! *pulls a lever before trying to run after the others but catches his foot in some of the machinery* My foot is stuck!

(Morty holds Annie back as she makes to help Roger.)

Annie: No!

Roger: This is okay! It’s okay, just go! Tell my family I love them! They may be hard to find because my wife kept her last name and she made the kids take it too, so, I dunno, you can—

(Just then, the dam bursts, drowning Roger in Ruben’s excrement.)

Annie: No!

(Dr. Bloom seals the door to the chamber and Annie hugs Morty, distraught and crying.)

[Trans. Smith family living room]

(Leonard, Joyce, and Beth sit on the chair and sofa, Jerry and Summer stand, and Jacob kneels with Ethan in the center of the room.)

Jacob: Let me ask you something Ethan. Where’s the anger coming from, man?

Ethan: From Summer being a total bitch!

(Jacob takes hold of Ethan’s cheeks and forces him to make eye contact.)

Jacob: Where’s the anger coming from?

Ethan: …My brother… took me fishing once…in the bushes… *voice begins choking up as tears fill his eyes* I can’t… I can’t! *covers his eyes as he starts to cry* He made me feel like a girl! *sobbing openly* I’m… m-made me a girl!

(Jacob helps Ethan up to his feet.)

Jacob: He didn’t make you anything, man. You are who you are. *gestures to Summer* She is who she is. (Summer watches on with a sympathetic expression.) Now you go to her. Brand new.

(Ethan walks over to Summer.)

Ethan: Come here right now!

Summer: Oh my god, I’m so sorry Ethan! *they hug* I love you!

Ethan: I love you so much.

(The two begin making out. Everyone claps besides Jerry.)

Jerry: Um…

Joyce: You did it again, cubby. Come here.

(Joyce and Jacob begin to kiss. Jerry looks to the easy chair to see Leonard has gotten up and is backing into the closet, unbuttoning his shirt to reveal a Superman costume underneath.)

Jerry: No! Stop! I hate this!

(Beth, Joyce, and Jacob glare at him.)

Joyce: Well, Christmas doesn’t revolve around what you hate, son.

Jerry: Well then, I hate Christmas! Enjoy being human! You guys are gross and lame.

(He walks out. Summer and Ethan and Joyce and Jacob continue kissing.)

[Trans. Anatomy Park]

(The three survivors are in a small theater where an animatronic Ruben gives a presentation. Morty and Annie have their helmets off and are making out, and Dr. Bloom sits a few seats away eating ice cream.)

Animatronic Ruben: My name’s Ruben Ridley. You’re inside me right now, but by the end of this journey, I’ll be inside all of you.

(Dr. Bloom appears to miss every other bite of ice cream, probably due to his semi-aqueous form.)

Animatronic Ruben: My story begins in the dot com crash in the early ‘90s.

(The animatronic sparks, then goes limp.)

Annie: *whispering to Morty* You can put your fingers wherever you want…

Rick (through speaker): Morty, you wanna put it on mute or something? (Annie and Morty both look at Morty’s helmet, startled.)

[Trans. Garage]

(Rick is working on a computer, still talking to Morty through his headset.)

Rick: I’m trying to concentrate.

(Jerry wanders to the door.)

Jerry: Ah, Rick?

Rick: *holds up a hand without even looking over at him* Not now, Jerry. I’ve got much, much smaller fish to fry.

Jerry: *enters anyway* I wanted to say I’m sorry I ever judged you. *leans on the ping pong table, looking down at Ruben’s corpse* Right now, you’re my sanest relative.

(Rick, who had been typing away, suddenly pauses.)

Rick: Relative… That’s it! Relative size! Jerry, hand me a scalpel and a bundle of dynamite! *into his headset* Morty! Can you get to the left nipple?

[Trans. Anatomy Park]

(Annie is in Morty’s lap.)

Morty: Are you kidding? I’m hoping I can get to both of them, Rick.

Rick (through speaker): Morty, I’m talkin’ about Ruben’s left nipple!

(The area begins to rumble and cave in. Morty lifts Annie off his lap and both put on their helmets.)

Morty: We need to get to the left nipple!

Dr. Bloom: The body is decaying! (Bits of debris begin to fall from the ‘ceiling’.) The arterial transit system is useless! We can try the service shuttle. It’s connected to the skeletal system. That’s why we call it the Bone Train. *to Annie* Would you like to ride the Bone Train, miss?

Annie: If it’ll get us out of here.

Dr. Bloom: How about you, Morty? Would you like to ride the Bone Train?

Morty: Why are you doing this bit? We’re gonna die. Let’s go.

[Trans. Garage]

(Jerry looks on as Rick inserts a bundle of dynamite into an incision on Ruben’s abdomen. He takes a few steps back toward the door back to the house.)

Jerry: Well, I can see that you’re busy… Merry Christmas, Rick.

(Rick lifts Ruben’s corpse from the table and heads out to the car, dumping Ruben’s body inside.)

[Trans. Anatomy Park: the Bone Train]

Dr. Bloom: There’s no autopilot. One of us will have to stay here and operate it manually.

(Morty and Annie glance at each other, then look back at Dr. Bloom. Dr. Bloom glances at each of the teenagers. Morty and Annie continue staring at him.)

Morty: …Uh, well…

Dr. Bloom: No, you’re right. It was a dick move for me to even pause like that. This is all my fault. You go on.

(Something approaches the group from a nearby set of stairs.)

Annie: *points* What the hell is that?

Dr. Bloom: E. coli outbreak. Hurry!

(Morty and Annie jump into the shuttle as E. coli swarm the area. Dr. Bloom pulls a lever and the shuttle begins to move.)

Dr. Bloom: Oh wait, there is an autopilot. (E. coli surround him.) WAAAIT! ...OKAY, NEVER MIND, I WANTED TO SACRIFICE MYSELF ANYWAAAAAYYYY!

(As the train speeds down the track, some of the E. coli have attached themselves to the vehicle. One smashes the window of the train door and sticks its head inside.)

Annie: They’re chewing through the doors!

Morty: Euuuugh! *grabs a fire extinguisher and beats the E. coli off the train with it* We’re in the areola, Rick! Almost to the nipple! But we’re also in a really bad situation!

[Trans. Earth’s orbit]

(Rick flies his spacecraft out of Earth’s atmosphere.)

Rick: I’m almost there, Morty!

(Rick lights the end of the dynamite bundle in Ruben’s abdomen, kicks him out into space, and uses a growth ray to increase Ruben to an enormous size—large enough to make Morty and Annie their normal sizes again, but still inside him.)

[Trans. Earth]

(Various people across America stop what they’re doing and look at the sky as Ruben’s huge, naked corpse hovers overhead.)

Reporter: Reports are coming in from across the country about what appears to be a giant naked man over the continental United States. We now go to Tom Randolph in New York. Tom?

(As Tom speaks, Ruben’s terrifyingly enormous face floats overhead.)

Tom: Well, his eyes aren’t twinkling, and his dimples aren’t merry, but I’m standing under a nose like a seventy-mile cherry!

Reporter: Thank you, Tom. Let’s go now to Eric McMan in Los Angeles.

(Ruben’s poorly kept toes hover in the background while Eric speaks.)

Eric: We’ve got feet here on the West Coast, Bill! Giant feet, even relative to the giant man’s size! And you know what they say about that!

Reporter: Well, if the old adage is true, one can only wonder what is going down in the Rocky Mountains.

[Trans. Rocky Mountains]

(A lumberjack pauses while hacking down a tree, looks up, screams, and runs away.)

[Trans. Earth’s orbit]

(Rick flies his ship toward the nipple.)

[Trans. Bone Train]

(E. coli continue trying to break in, with Morty beating them away with a fire extinguisher. Running up to the front of the train, he and Annie see that Hepatitis A is has damaged the track.)

Morty: Oh my god, the track!

Annie: It’s Hepatitis A!

(As Morty tries to slow the train down, it flies off the track and straight through some of Ruben’s soft tissue, bursting into the nipple. The train hits a bump, throwing Morty and Annie out. They look up and gasp.)

Annie: The nipple hole…

(Through the nipple hole, they’re able to see Earth as the sun peeks over the horizon.)

Morty: It’s beautiful…

(Suddenly, there’s a crash behind them. Hepatitis A bursts out from the train wreckage and lumbers towards Morty and Annie.)

Annie: Aw no!

(The two run, and just as Hepatitis A is about to catch them, Hepatitis C snatches it up and shakes it like felled prey.)

Annie: Whoa! It’s Hepatitis C!

(Hepatitis C gives them a thumbs-up before lumbering away with its kill in its mouth.)

Morty: Um… We… Did we have some sort of relationship with him?

Annie: I… think they’re just like that? I think they’re just good guys.

Morty: Oh. Huh.

(Rick flies his spaceship into the nipple, landing it behind them. Morty and Annie climb inside.)

Rick: Where’s Dr. Bloom?

Morty: Sorry Rick… He’s dead…

Rick: Goddamn it, Morty, I ask you to do one thing!

(Rick flies the spaceship out of the nipple and away from Ruben’s corpse just before the dynamite ignites and the body explodes, sending blood and gore in all directions.)

[Trans. Smith residence]

(Joyce, Leonard, Jacob, Beth, Summer, and Ethan all bundle up to go sledding.)

Beth: Jerry doesn’t know what he’s missing.

Jacob: He’ll come around, Beth. Christmas is a special time. It has funny ways of bringing families together.

Beth: I dunno, Jacob. Jerry got an invitation to be alive today, and he rejected it. I don’t know if our marriage will—

(Beth stops talking as blood starts splattering the sliding glass doors. The whole group stares in shock as blood seems to pour from the sky.)

Summer: It’s raining blood!

Jacob: Oh, shit. find Jerry!

Beth: Oh god.

[Trans. Jerry’s den]

(Blood is raining on the window there as well. Jerry is sitting in a chair, watching the news, when the family bursts in.)

Beth: Jerry!

Jerry: *stands and hugs her* It’s alright! The TV says there’s nothing to worry about.

Reporter (on TV): The giant naked sky Santa has exploded. Blood and chunks of viscera are raining down on the country. Everything should be fine.

(Family sighs in relief.)

Summer: Dad, can I have my phone back?

Jerry: Sure, sweetie. *pulls out the stocking and gives Summer her phone, then gives Beth her tablet* Everybody, take a device. It’ll help you relax.

Jacob: This is nice.

Jerry: Yeah. *puts an arm around Beth and Jacob* I guess we really learned something this Christmas, Jacob.

Summer: No we didn’t, Dad. No we didn’t.

[Trans. Smith house]

(It’s no longer raining blood, but reddish chunks of Ruben are everywhere as Rick lands his spacecraft, parking it in the garage.)

Rick: Too bad about Dr. Bloom. *Rick, Annie, and Morty exit the car* He was a genius. The only man capable of creating a new Anatomy Park.

Annie: Actually, I studied Dr. Bloom’s work. I believe I have the knowledge necessary to create a new, much safer park!

Rick: What about Pirates of the Pancreas…?

Annie: I think it was one of the most underrated attractions.

Rick: Booyah! Hold your breath!

(Annie is already standing under the shrink ray as Rick pulls the lever, shrinking her down to microscopic size once again, much to Morty’s chagrin.)

Morty: Hey, wh-wh- What the hell, Rick? What the hell, man? I liked her! I really had somethin’ going there, Rick!

(Rick pockets the container holding Annie.)

Rick: Yeah, so I heard. You dodged a bullet, Morty, trust me. *whispers* Puffy vagina.

Morty: W-What’s wrong with that? That doesn’t sound like a problem to me! I dunno!

Rick: C’mon. Let’s get some stuffing, I’m starving.

[Trans. Smith family living room]

(Beth, Leonard, Summer, and Ethan sit on the couch, Jacob sits in the easy chair with Joyce in his lap, and Jerry sits on the carpet. All are staring at handheld electronics as Rick and Morty enter the room.)

Rick: Oh, unbelievable. We got a bunch of robot computer people sittin’ around with their faces stuffed in computer screens. (No one acknowledges him.) Do you realize Christ was born today? Jesus Christ our Savior was born today! A-A-A-Are you people even human? What kind of Christmas is this?

(Jerry looks at the audience and shrugs.)

[End Credits roll]

[Trans. Rick’s garage]

Annie (through speaker phone): Hey Rick! Rick, can you hear me?

Rick: Loud and clear, Annie.

Annie: Great! We’re also on with Alejandro, our Chief Imaginarian—

Alejandro: Hey Rick.

Annie: Natalie Jacobs and Chris Desiter from Microscopic Marketing, Zach from Organ Concepts and Jamie from New Media.

Rick: Hey everybody.

All: Hey, hi Rick, how's it goin'. (etc.)

Annie: So. Pirates of the Pancreas.

Rick: Yeah, talk to me.

Alejandro: Hey Rick, it's Alejandro speaking. Um, so we asked ourselves internally, we asked ourselves over here, “Okay, what does a pancreas do?” (Rick begins to look agitated.) And the answer was, does it make pirates? No. It makes insulin, you know? So we’re starting with a new—

(Rick, furious, picks up and slams the phone, hanging up on the group call. Behind him, Ethan lies on a table.)

Ethan: So those guys are inside me, huh? Like, building a park?

Rick: Those guys are inside you building a piece of shit, Ethan! They’re inside you building a monument to compromise! Fuck 'em. Fuck those people. Fuck this whole thing, Ethan.

Ethan: … Cool. And who pays me?
Transcripts Wiki
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY
 FANDOM
GAMES
MOVIES
TV
VIDEO
WIKIS
START A WIKI

ADVERTISEMENT
Transcripts Wiki
25,352
PAGES
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY

in: Rick and Morty Transcripts
M. Night Shaym-Aliens!
VIEW SOURCE
Rick and Morty
Season
1	Episode
4	Overall
4	Air Date
January 13, 2014 (US), January 31, 2016 (Canada)
Previous episode
Anatomy Park	Next episode
Meeseeks and Destroy
(Open Ext. Smith residence.)

(Rick is dissecting a rat.)

Rick: T-t-t-this is just sloppy craftsmanship.

Morty: Hey, Rick. Boy, sure is really especially beautiful out there today, huh?

Rick: Oh, yes, Morty. It’s almost unbelievable, isn’t it?

Morty: Yeah, you know? There’s something about the air. And just the way the sunshine is.

Rick: Oh, sure, buddy. Yeah. Sure. B-brilliant. Very convincing.

Morty: Wh… convincing?

Rick: Oh! Responsive, too! In real time! I love it!

Morty: Uhh, okay.

Beth: *robotic* I’m going to work. Morty, good morning. Dad, good morning. I am going to work. Goodbye. (Beth drives away.)

Morty: What’s with Mom?

Rick: Oh, what’s with Mom? So, you’re saying that she’s acting weird? How soph-*burp*-isticated. Careful, guys. You’re gonna burn out the CPU with this one.

Morty: Okay, you know what, Rick? You’re acting weird, too.

Rick: Whatever, quote-unquote “Morty.”

Morty: Alright, well I’ll see you after school. (Walks into the side of the garage.) Ow! Oof! Ugh! Damn it! I’m all right. I’m okay.

[Trans. Morty’s math class]

Mr. Goldenfold: Alright, who can tell me what 5 x 9 is? (Students whisper.) Morty?

Morty: Uh, me?

Mr. Goldenfold: What is 5 x 9?

Morty: Um, you know, it’s, uh, at least 40.

(Students gasp.)

Mr. Goldenfold: Morty, that’s exactly correct! 5 x 9 is at least 40! Come up here.

(Students cheer.)

Jessica: Whoo! Way to go, Morty!

Mr. Goldenfold: Everybody, this is the best student. I want you to be the teacher today. *sits down at a desk* Teach us, Morty!

Rick: *spying from outside* Interesting…

Morty: W-w-w-what do you want me to teach you?

Student: Ooh, ooh! How do you make concentrated dark matter?

Mr. Goldenfold: Oh, that’s a good question.

Morty: Concentrated huh?

Mr. Goldenfold: Concentrated dark matter. The fuel for accelerated space travel. Now, do you know how to make it?

Morty: Uhhh…

Jessica: Come on, Morty. Isn’t your grandpa, like, a scientist?

Morty: Oh, yeah, but, you know, he told me that I shouldn’t go around spouting off about, you know, his science and stuff.

Jessica: I bet you’ve seen him make concentrated dark matter a lot. You know, if you tell us, I’ll be your girlfriend.

Morty: Uh, y-you will?

Mr. Goldenfold: Seems like a rare opportunity, Morty.

Rick: *kicks open the door* Morty, u-uh, come on. There’s a family emergency.

(Rick grabs Morty by one arm. Mr. Goldenfold grabs the other.)

Mr. Goldenfold: Stop right there! If he leaves, I’m giving him an F!

Rick: He doesn’t care.

Morty: Aw, man! (Rick drags him to the locker room.) Rick, I have to go back! I think I was about to get married! *falls down* Ugh!

Rick: Take a shower with me, Morty.

Morty: What?!

Rick: Listen to me, Morty. Get your clothes off and get in the shower right now. *strips* Y-y-y-you got to trust me, Morty.

Morty: Ugh! I’m gonna get an F in class, Rick. *strips*

Rick: Morty, that’s not class. T-t-t-that wasn’t your teacher. This isn’t your school. This entire world is not the world. We’re inside a huge simulation chamber on an alien spaceship.

Morty: Wait a minute. W-what are you talking about?

Rick: It’s all fake *burps* Morty, all of it. Nanobotic renderings, a bunch of… crazy, fake nonsense, Morty. I couldn’t say so until we got in the shower. They won’t monitor us in here.

Morty: Monitor us?! *looks around and tries to cover himself* W-who?!

Rick: Zigerion scammers, Morty. The galaxy’s most ambitious, least successful con artists. You know, it’s lucky for us they’re also really uncomfortable with nudity.

Morty: Aw, come on, Rick. If everyone’s just gonna be insane today, at least let me be insane with Jessica.

Rick: I can’t let you do that, Morty.

(Rick grabs Morty’s clothes and they begin fighting over them.)

Morty: Give it to me!

Rick: No! You give it to me!

Morty: G-g-give it!

Rick: Morty, come on! Morty!

Morty: No, Rick!

[View of simulated world expands out to reveal they’re in an enormous spacecraft.]

[Trans. Zigerion control room]

(Zigerions groan and look away from the monitors with disgust.)

Zigerion 1: Oh, god, sir! They’re still naked! Ugh.

Prince Nebulon: Well, check every five quintons and tell me when they’re not!

Zigerion 1: I think we should make Kevin look, sir.

Kevin: What?! No! W-w-why would you even say that?

Stu: Uh, sir, we have a situation over here.

Prince Nebulon: If there’s a wiener on that monitor, I swear to god, Stu.

Stu: Something is drawing a lot of processing power. Oh, wait. No wonder. (Jerry appears on a large screen.) There’s another real human in the simulator.

Jerry: Okay, Jerry, big pitch meeting. Make-or-break time. *trims nostril hairs while driving* You can do this.

Prince Nebulon: How did this happen?! Where’s the Abductions Department?

Zigerion 2: Hey, man, Abductions just follows the acquisition order.

Zigerion 3: Don’t put this on Acquisitions! We only acquire humans that haven’t been simulated!

Kevin: Well, Simulations doesn’t simulate anybody that’s been abducted, so—

Prince Nebulon: Oh, I see! Oh, oh! It was no one’s fault. Oh, okay. I’m sorry. Well, then, problem solved. Oh, wait no. *shouts* There’s still another human in here! Who is he?

Stu: Rick’s son-in-law, Jerry Smith. So far, he hasn’t noticed he’s in a simulation.

Prince Nebulon: *sighs* Well, cap his sector at 5% processing, keep his settings on auto, and we’ll deal with him later. Rick Sanchez is the target.

[Trans. Jerry’s car]

Jerry: *inhales deeply* Gotta relax. It’s just a pitch. Gotta relax.

(He turns on the radio.)

Radio: This is earth radio. And now, here’s…human music.

(Repetitive rhythmic beeping.)

Jerry: Hmm. Human music. I like it. *rocks head side to side in rhythm with the music*

[Pan out to see Jerry’s sector of the simulation, followed by a transition to Rick and Morty’s.]

(Rick and Morty pant as they run naked down the street. Rick shoves their clothes into a sewer.)

Morty: Rick!

Rick: Uhp, uhp, uhp! Morty, keep your hands off your ding-dong! It’s the only way we can speak freely. Look around you, Morty. Do you really think this world is real? You’d have to be an idiot not to notice all the sloppy details. Look, that guy’s putting a bun between two hot dogs.

Morty: I don’t know, Rick. I mean, I’ve seen people do that before.

Rick: Well, look at that old lady. She’s, she’s walking a cat on a leash.

Morty: Uh, Mrs. Spencer does that all the time, Rick.

Rick: Look, I-I-I don’t wanna hear about Mrs. Spencer, Morty! She’s an idiot! Alright, alright, there. W-what about that, Morty?

(A Poptart walks out of a toaster house and into a toaster car before driving away.)

Morty: Okay, okay, you got me on that one.

Rick: Oh, really, Morty? Are you sure you haven’t seen that somewhere in real life before?

Morty: No, no. I haven’t seen that. I mean, why would a Poptart wanna live inside a toaster, Rick? I mean, that would be, like, the scariest place for them to live. You know what I mean?

Rick: You’re missing the point, Morty. Why would he drive a smaller toaster with wheels? I mean, does your car look like a smaller version of your house? No.

Morty: So, why are they doing this? W-what do they want?

Rick: Well, that would be obvious to you, Morty, if you’d been paying attention.

(Siren wails. Ambulance drives up to them and the doors open.)

Paramedic: We got the president of the United States in here! We need 10cc of concentrated dark matter, stat, or he’ll die!

(Rick slams the ambulance doors shut and starts walking off.)

Morty: Concentrated dark matter! They were asking about that in class.

Rick: Yeah, it’s a special fuel I invented to travel through space faster than anybody else. These Zigerions are always trying to scam me out of my secrets, but they made a big mistake this time, Morty. They dragged you into this. Now they’re gonna pay!

Morty: Wait, wha, w-w-what are we gonna do?

Rick: We’ll scam the scammers, Morty. And we’re gonna take them for everything they’ve got.

[Trans. Ext. Ad agency]

(Trees flicker with a static noise)

Jerry: National Apple Farmers of America…

[Trans. Int. Ad agency]

Jerry: Welcome to our ad agency. I’m Jerry Smith. (Audience stares blankly.) Alright. I’ll just get to the pitch. Um, simple question, gentlemen, *hoarsely* what are apples? *clears throat* Excuse me. *drinks some water* Ahh. *coughs, clears throat* What are apples? *pulls poster board to the front of the room* Apples are food. And when do we need food? When we’re hungry. (Audience stares blankly.) With that, I give you your new slogan! (Flips paper to reveal sign saying “Hungry for Apples?” Audience continues staring.) Well, say something! Do you like it?

Mr. Marklevitz: Yes.

Jerry: You do?

All: Yes.

Jerry: So I sold it? I sold the idea?

All: Yes.

Jerry: Oh my god! Thank you!

All: *shaking each others’ hands* Thank you. You’re welcome.

[Trans. Ext. Ad agency]

(“Baker Street” plays as Jerry slides down a handrail.)

Jerry: Hey! I just sold my first pitch!

Old man: Slow down!

Woman: Lookin’ good.

Mailman: My man!

(Jerry dials on his cellphone. As he walks, he passes the same three people repeatedly.)

Simulation Beth: (at Simulation Smith house) *answers phone* Hello.

Jerry: Guess who just sold the apples campaign.

Simulation Beth: Who just sold the apples campaign?

Jerry: Me! I guess it wasn’t a rip-off of "got milk?" after all. Guess someone was wrong.

Simulation Beth: Yes.

Jerry: Well, all is forgiven, because right now, I’ve got an erection the size of an East Coast lighthouse, and I’m coming home to share it with my beautiful wife.

Simulation Beth: Okay.

Jerry: Wait, really?

Simulation Beth: Yes.

Jerry: Yes! See you in 10 minutes! *hangs up, shouts* Hey! I’m going to make love to my wife!

Woman: Lookin’ good.

Old man: Slow down!

Mailman: My man! *glitches into a tree*

[Trans. Backstage]

(Rick is decked out in chains and adjusts his clothes to look more disheveled.)

Morty: Aw, geez, Rick. I-I don’t know if I like this plan,you know? I mean, crowds, t-t-t-they have a tendency to make me really nervous.

Rick: Morty, relax. It’s just a bunch of 1s and 0s out there. You’re gonna be fine. (Lowers Morty’s pants slightly and puts a hat on him.) Just follow my lead. (Rick and Morty fist bump.) Yo, deejay, drop that beat.

[Trans. Stage in park]

(Hip-hop beat plays. Crowd cheers.)

Rick: Uh-oh, Morty. This crowd looks too small for one of our famous rap concerts. I don’t think we can perform our new song, "The Recipe for Concentrated Dark Matter," for a crowd this tiny.

Morty: You got that right, Rick.

(Hordes of people appear from all directions and congregate in the park.)

Rick: Now that’s more like it! Morty, here we go. Let me hear everybody say "hey-oh!" yeah! (Crowd cheers.) All the ladies say, "yeah!" (Ladies cheer.) Everybody over thirty, do this with your hands! Everybody with a red shirt, jump up and down! (People start glitching.)

[Trans. Smith house]

Jerry: *kisses Beth, who is still in front of the phone* Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah, don’t move. Mm, mm, mm, mm! Mm!

[Trans. Park]

Rick: Yo, everyone whose first name begins with an "L" who isn’t Hispanic, walk in a circle the same number of times as the square root of your age times ten! (Simulation freezes. Rick and Morty jump offstage.) Run, Morty! Before the system reboots!

[Trans. Ext. Smith house.]

Jerry: Yeah! You like that? Now who’s unremarkable? You hungry for apples? Are you hungry for apples?!

[Trans. Beth and Jerry’s bedroom.]

(Jerry lies in bed beside Beth, who is frozen in place.)

Jerry: Oh, my god. That’s the best sex I’ve ever had in my life. It’s… it’s too good. I don’t deserve this, Beth. I’m a fraud.

[Trans. Rick and Morty running through frozen simulation.]

Morty: Oh, man, Rick! W-w-w-where we running to?

Rick: Out of the simulation, Morty. Normally, the chamber operates like a treadmill, with the virtual world disappearing behind us and being rendered in front of us as we move through it, but while it’s frozen, Morty, we can get to…the edge. Here we go. *jumps off the edge*

Morty: Holy crap!

Rick: Come on, Morty.

Morty: *jumps off edge*

[Trans. Control room]

Zigerion: Sir, they’re over the edge.

Prince Nebulon: Yes, they are. Just as planned. *evil laughter, others join in* Oh, this is going to be such a mindfuck!

[Trans. Corridor in spacecraft]

Rick: Keep your eyes peeled for the central processing room, Morty. That’s how we’re gonna scam these idiots.

Morty: So, hey, why do these aliens keep coming after you, Rick, if you’re so much smarter than them?

Rick: It’s an obsession for them at this point. The Zigerions have been trying to outsmart me for years, Morty. Every time they do, I’m one step ahead of them. *finds central processing room* Aha! Here we go. *starts collecting chips* Grab as many processors as you can carry, Morty. These guys aren’t good at much, but they’re really good at making these chips.

Morty: I’ve got so many, I can barely hold them all! *holding chips in his shirt* Look at, look at this. Oops. I dropped one.

Rick: Don’t worry about it, Morty. There’s plenty of them, you little goofball. (Both laugh and toss chips at each other playfully.) Come here, Morty! Oh, I gotcha!

Morty: Come on, quit it, Rick! Quit it!

Rick: Nothing wrong with just a little bit of horseplay every now and then, little fella.

(They sneak towards the escape pods. Rick throws a chip and distracts the guards while they steal a pod and fly away.)

Morty: Wow. What do you know? Huh. That was easy.

Rick: Totes malotes, dawg.

Morty: Just kind of hard to believe, you know?

Rick: Believe it, Morty. And once again, I’m flying away with everything I can carry, and the Zigerions got nothing of mine.

[Trans. Jerry’s boss’s office]

Jerry: Mr. Marklevitz, do you have a minute to talk?

Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.

Jerry: Look, I’m a fraud. I mean, let’s face it. "Hungry for apples" is just a rip-off of "Got milk?" It’s almost identical.

Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.

Jerry: Okay. I deserve that. Um, I guess I’ll just pack up my desk.

Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.

Jerry: *crying* Oh my god. Wait. You know what?! No! The milk people don’t have a patent on simple rhetorical questions! Y-You— There’s not even a single word in "Hungry for Apples" that’s shared by "Got milk?" It’s a completely different slogan. It’s different! And I shouldn’t be fired. I should be promoted!

Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.

Jerry: Yeah! Wait. Really?

Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.

Jerry: Yes! I mean, it may be derivative, but it’s the most successful campaign to come out of this agency in a long time.

Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.

Jerry: I-I’m not saying it should win an award for commercials, but it could certainly be nominated for an award for commercials specifically about apples, like an Appley or something.

Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.

Jerry: Is there really an award called the Appley for apple-related ad campaigns?

Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.

Jerry: Could we nominate me?

Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.

Jerry: Holy crap!

(Jerry runs out. Mr. Marklevitz glitches.)

[Trans. Ext. Smith house]

(Rick and Morty get out of the escape pod and head into the garage with the chips.)

Rick: Get in, Morty. I’m gonna be able to use these processors to make some real important science stuff. (Keypad beeps.) Huh. I thought I entered the code right. (Keypad beeps.)

(Second level simulation vanishes.)

Prince Nebulon: Well, what’s this? W-what could this possibly be? Because it looks like you’re inside a simulation…inside a simulation. You’re still on the ship. Game-day bucket go boom!

Cynthia: Sir, the, uh, doctor’s appointment to examine the discoloration on your butthole flaps was—

Prince Nebulon: Too loud, Cynthia. Too loud and too specific.

Rick: Uhh…

Prince Nebulon: We’ve known how to make concentrated dark matter for a long time. But now we also know the code to your fabled safe, Rick Sanchez! All your most valuable secrets will now be ours!

Rick: Uh, yeah, until I get home before you and change the combination, you bunch of idiots!

Prince Nebulon: That is why you’re never getting home. Get them!

(Guards try to grab Rick and Morty. Rick pulls down Morty’s pants and all the Zigerions back away in disgust.)

Rick: RUN MORTY!

(Morty pulls up his pants. They run through the spacecraft and are chased by Zigerions.)

Morty: Oh my god!

[Trans. Appley Awards]

Jerry: I got to tell you, this morning, I didn’t even know this award existed. Now I’m holding one. And, um… Look, I want to say that today was the best day of my life But the truth is, it’s, it’s more meaningful than that.

Mailman: My man!

Jerry: Yes. Thank you, sir. I am finally complete!

(Everyone glitches into the mailman.)

Mailmen: My my my my man!

(Simulation continues glitching badly.)

Jerry: Aah! What the hell?! (Appley award glitches out of existence.) No.

(Rick and Morty run into the room.)

Rick: Jerry?!

Morty: Dad!

Rick: What are you doing here? W-why are you dressed like a waiter? Screw it. We don’t have time. Come on. *starts dragging Jerry with them*

Jerry: *sobbing* No!

(Chase continues. The three make it onto a spaceship.)

Rick: Man up, Jerry! I may need you to work the lasers.

Morty: Oh, man! They’re hot on our tail, Rick!

Rick: I guess they really do have concentrated dark matter.

Morty: Well, you know how to make it, too, right, Rick?

Rick: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh, check the engine room. We just need cesium, Plutonic quarks, and bottled water.

Morty: Whoa! It’s all here, Rick!

Rick: Wow, Morty. Lucky break. Grab that bucket. Okay, two parts Plutonic quarks, one part cesium.

Morty: Okay. Uh-huh. Alright.

Rick: Now empty the water bottle into the bucket and pour it all into the fuel tank so we can get the hell out of here! What are you doing, Morty?! There’s no time!

Morty: *freezes up*

Rick: Oh, no.

(Simulation breaks down...again.)

Jerry: What the…?

Rick: No!

Prince Nebulon: *laughing* Oh my god, Rick. How dumb are you? You’re inside a simulation of a simulation…inside another giant simulation! *laughs harder* W-we never had the recipe for concentrated dark matter. But we do now! We do now, sucka!

Rick: You simulated my grandson’s genitalia?! Y-y-you bunch of diabolical sons of bitches!

Zigerion 1: Kevin fought real hard to supervise that project.

Kevin: You said you weren’t gonna tell anyone! I’m never gonna live this down, am I?

Rick: All right. Okay. All right, great. Wonderful. You win. Can we go home now?

Zigerion 1: I don’t know. Can you?

Prince Nebulon: Ha! *fist bumps* Nice. Okay, okay. Show this gullible turd to his shuttle. I’m done with him. Oh, wait. Let me get a picture. *snaps a selfie of himself with Rick* Aww. Look at his face. He’s trying to figure out if He’s in a simulation still. Are you, Rick? Are you? *laughs, walks away* You’re not. *walks back* Or are you? (Rick and Jerry leave.) *shouts after them* Oh, a-and, by the way, I don’t have discolored butthole flaps. That was part of the simulation.

Cynthia: Oh. Uh, sir, should I cancel that appointment, then?

Prince Nebulon: *loudly* Yeah! Of course you should! *to Cynthia* No, keep it. Move it up, actually, if you can.

[Trans. Shuttle to Earth]

Rick: Hey, Jerry, don’t worry about it. So what if the most meaningful day of your life was a simulation operating at minimum capacity?

Jerry: You know what, Rick? Those guys took you for a ride, too. You should try having a little respect for the dummies of the universe, now that you’re one of us.

Rick: Maybe you’re right, Jerry. Maybe you’re right.

[Trans. Zigerion space craft, control room]

(The Zigerions are celebrating their victory with a party.)

Prince Nebulon: All right, everybody. Two parts Plutonic quarks… One part cesium…. A-and listen, I’m sorry for shouting earlier. I-I couldn’t ask for a better staff. I love you guys, and I love all your families. *readies water bottle* And the final ingredient…

(Zigerion spacecraft explodes.)

[Trans. Shuttle to Earth]

(Jerry looks behind them, shocked.)

Jerry: Whoa! What the hell?! W-what happened back there?

Rick: Why don’t you ask the smartest people in the universe, Jerry? Oh, yeah. You can’t. They blew up.

(“Baker Street” plays. Rick vocalizes the saxophone part.)

Post-Credit Scene

[Trans. Int. Ad agency]

(Jerry pitches “Hungry for Apples” in reality.)

Jerry: So… What do you think?

Mr. Marklevitz: You’re fired.

Jerry: Wha--? But t-this idea was tested in a state-of-the-art simulation.

Mr. Marklevitz: Well, then, it was a terrible simulation. Get out.

(Jerry hangs his head and leaves.)

Mr. Marklevitz: Man, how does a guy like that go home and have sex with his wife?

[Trans. Morty’s bedroom]

Rick: Hey, Morty.

Morty: What?

Rick: Hey, little buddy. H-h-how you doing in here right now?

Morty: Aw, geez, Rick. What are you doing, man?

Rick: Y-y-you’re a good kid, Morty. Y-you’re a real l-little c-character, Morty.

Morty: Oh, boy.

Rick: You know, I had a really rocky road today, M-Morty. You’re my little friend, aren’t you? We had some good times together, huh, M-Morty? We You’re a real true hero out in the field. You’re a... You’re a real trouper, huh, M-M-Morty?

Morty: Have you been drinking, Rick?

Rick: I really appreciate you, Morty.

Morty: O-okay, cool. A-alright, Rick

Rick: *suddenly aggressive, holds a knife to Morty’s throat* You little son of a bitch! Y-y- are you a simulation?! Huh?! Are you a simulation?!

Morty: No! No! No!

Rick: You little son of a bitch!

Morty: *terrified, gasps*

(Rick lowers the knife)

Rick: I-I-I’m sorry, Morty. Y-you’re a good… You’re a good kid, Morty.

Morty: Geez!

Rick: Y-you’re a good… You’re a good kid. *passes out*

Morty: Oh my god!

Rick: *snores*

Morty: W-w-what the hell? What a life.

Transcripts Wiki
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY
 FANDOM
GAMES
MOVIES
TV
VIDEO
WIKIS
START A WIKI

ADVERTISEMENT
Transcripts Wiki
25,352
PAGES
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY

in: Article stubs, Rick and Morty Transcripts
Meeseeks and Destroy
VIEW SOURCE
Rick and Morty: Season: 1 Episode: 5

Previous transcript:	Next transcript:
M. Night Shaym-Aliens!	Rick Potion #9
[incomplete & unfixed]

This transcript isn't finished! This article is a stub. You can help Transcripts Wiki by expanding it.

[Open Ext. Damaged space station, likely in another dimension]

(The sky is purple and tumultuous as the sounds of Rick and Morty running and panting are heard.)

[Trans. Int. Space station]

(Rick and Morty run through the abandoned station, pursued by evil clones of Jerry, Beth, and Summer.)

Rick: Run!

Jerry, Beth, and Summer: *incoherent zombie noises*

(The three clones tackle Rick, knocking a device from his hand. Morty stands by, unsure of what to do.)

Rick: Morty, do it! Hit the button now!

Morty: I can’t do it, Rick! They’re my parents and sister!

Rick: *holding off the clones* Morty, I already told you, it’s not your family! They’re clones from an alternate reality possessed by demonic alien spirits from another dimension’s future! Do you need a mnemonic device or something? Just hit the button already!

(Beth’s clone leaves Rick and approaches Morty, panting viciously until she gets close, and she seemingly becomes her normal self again.)

Beth: Morty, please. I love you, sweetheart.

Morty: Ohhhh…

(Morty hesitates a second longer before darting past Beth. He glances up at the clones, then covers his eyes as he hits a button on the wall, creating an energy field that destroys the clones, whose faces seem to melt. Morty watches, horrified. As soon as they’re gone, Rick jumps to his feet and grabs the device that absorbed the spirits, apparently unbothered by the entire event.)

Rick: Good work, Morty.

(He creates a portal and jumps through.)

[Trans. Garage]

(Rick and Morty leap through the other end of the portal back to the Smith residence.)

Rick: *holding up the device and smiling* Y-You know, these demonic alien spirits are really valuable!

(Screen pans out to show that Morty is vomiting in the corner. Rick glances at him and puts the box away.)

Rick: You okay, Morty? Told you not to trust that tuna.

Morty: I just killed my family! I don’t care what they were!

Rick: I dunno, Morty. Some people would pay top dollar for that kinda breakthrough.

Morty: Y-You know what, Rick? That’s it! I-I’m done with these…insane adventures! That was really traumatizing! I quit! I’m out!

(Morty turns and starts to walk out of the garage.)

Rick: Whoa whoa whoa, *grabs Morty’s shoulder, stopping him* come on, Morty! D-D-Don’t be like that! The universe is a crazy and chaotic place!

Morty: *pushes Rick’s hands away* You’re the one that’s crazy and chaotic! Adventures are supposed to be simple! And fun!

Rick: Oh yeah, Morty. Yeah, t-t-that- that’s real easy to say from the sidekick position. But—But, uh, h-how about next time you be in charge, then we’ll talk about how simple and fun it is.

Morty: *suddenly excited* Seriously Rick?! Y-You’ll let me call the shots?

Rick: Okay, fine. But let’s make it interesting, Morty. I-I-If your adventure sucks, and we bail halfway through it, you lose the right to bitch about all future adventures. Plus, you have to do my laundry for a month.

Morty: Okay, all right, tough guy! But if my adventure's good... I get to be in charge of every third adventure!

Rick: Every 10th.

Morty: Deal. All right. Well, come on, let's get going.

Beth: Dad, the dishwasher's doing that thing again.

Rick: Washing dishes?

Beth: No. The opposite. Can you fix it?

Summer: Grandpa Rick, can you help me with my science homework?

Rick: Yeah just don't do it.

Summer: Grandpa!

Jerry: Hey, Rick, you got some kind of hand-shaped device that can open this mayonnaise jar?

Rick: Wow. Hat trick. All right, Morty, let's put a pin in this. I got to help your pathetic family.

Morty: Oh, that sounds like something a chicken would say. Bawk, bawk, bawk, bawk, bawk, bawk.

Rick: Oh, Morty, you done did it this time. It's on. I can't wait to watch your adventure lay a huge fart. As for you dingdongs... This is a Meeseeks box. Let me show you how it works. You press this.

(meeseeks spawns)

Meeseeks: I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me!

Rick: You make a request. Mr. Meeseeks, open Jerry's stupid mayonnaise jar.

Meeseeks: Yes, siree!

(Meeseeks grabs mayonnaise jar as rick explains.)

Rick: The Meeseeks fulfills the request.

(Meeseeks opens jar and hands to jerry.)

Meeseeks: All done!

Jerry: [amazed] Wow!

Rick: And then it stops existing.

(Meeseek vanishes into particles in air.)

Summer: Oh, my God, he exploded!

Rick: Trust me, they're fine with it. Knock yourselves out just keep your requests simple. They're not gods.

Morty: All right! Get out of here now! Everybody out of here! I got a bet to win!

(Beth, Jerry and Summer in the livingroom)

Beth: So many possibilities.

Summer: My mind is racing.

Jerry: If we're gonna use this thing, which I'm not even sure we should, we need to keep it simple.

(Summer spawns a meeseek)

Meeseeks: I'm Mr. Meeseeks!

Summer: I want to be popular at school!

Meeseeks: Ooh, okay!

Jerry: Summer, what did I just-

(Beth spawns a meeseek)

Meeseeks 2: Ooh, I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me!

Beth: I want I want to be a more complete woman!

Jerry: Beth!

Meeseeks 2: Oh, yeah! Yes, ma'am!

Jerry: You guys are doing it wrong. He said "simple."

(Jerry spawns a meeseeks)

Meeseeks 3: Hey, there. I'm Mr. Meeseeks!

Jerry: Mr. Meeseeks, I would like to take two strokes off my golf game.

Meeseeks 3: Ooh, yeah! Can do!

Jerry: Nailed it.

(Cut to Rick and Morty in a poor village somewhere in the universe. It looks like a place from the 1700's)

Rick: God, Morty, what a boring start to an adventure. Why didn't we just go to Kentucky?

Morty: Rick, this is a fantasy-type world with creatures and all sorts of fantasy things. We're going on a quest, okay?

Rick: Can't wait.

(Morty stands on something tall to speak to the people)

Morty: Ahem. Excuse me! We are two humble heroes in search of adventure!

Rick: Oh, my God, so embarrassing.

Villager (man): At last! Two heroes! You must help us! This village is terribly poor, yet the giant that lives in the clouds above has untold treasures!

Morty: You know what? I accept your call to adventure, good sir, kind sir. Come on, Rick. There's a giant in the clouds!

Rick: Yeah. Beginner's luck.

(Cut to Meeseeks 1 speaking to the students of Summer's school in the gym)

Meeseeks 1: In conclusion, a friendship with Summer Smith is the most valuable and enriching experience of your young lives. I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me! Thank you!

Principal Gene V.: Uh, Mr. Meeseeks, was it? Yeah. Gene Vagina. Listen, I'm in a bit of custody thing with my ex and was wondering- (Meeseeks 1 stops existing)- No, I'll get your info from Summer.

(Cut to Beth and Meeseeks 2 at a restaurant sitting outside)

Beth: I got pregnant at 17. I mean, I still put myself through veterinary school. Yes, I'm successful, but what if I hadn't...-(Meeseeks 2 stares attentively)- I'm just saying, somewhere along the way, I lost that wide-eyed girl from muskegon.

Meeseeks 2: She's still there, Beth.

Beth: Well, her waistline isn't.

Meeseeks 2: Beth, having a family doesn't mean that you stop being an individual. You know the best thing you can do for people that depend on you? Be honest with them, even if it means setting them free.

Beth: You're saying I should leave Jerry. (Beth starts to cry) I can't believe I'm finally having this conversation.

(Meeseeks 2 stops existing as Beth leans in to kiss him)

Waiter (man): More wine?

Beth: I think I've had enough.

(Cut to Jerry at a golf course with Meeseeks 3)

Meeseeks 3: Remember to square your shoulders, Jerry.

Jerry: Yeah, yeah. I got it.

(Jerry misses the ball completely)

Meeseeks 3: That's okay. I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me! Try again and keep your head down.

Jerry: Okay, well, which is it? Square my shoulders or keep my head down?

Meeseeks 3: Well, it's both. But most importantly, you got to relax.

Jerry: You know what, Mr. Meeseeks? I don't think this is working. I give up.

Meeseeks 3 (nervous): I'm sorry, Jerry, but it doesn't work like that. I'm Mr. Meeseeks. I have to fulfill my purpose so I can go away. Look at me.

Jerry: Well, make yourself comfortable, because I suck.

Meeseeks 3: No, Jerry, I'm the one who SUCKS! Let me try something.

(Meeseeks 3 spawns in another Meeseek)

Meeseeks 4: I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me!

Meeseeks 3: Hi, Mr. Meeseeks! I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me.

Meeseeks 4: Hi!

Meeseeks 3: Can you help me get two strokes off of Jerry's golf swing?

Meeseeks 4: Can do! I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Is he keeping his shoulders squared?

Meeseeks 3: Ooh, he's trying!

(Cut to Rick and Morty on a table in a giant building)

Rick: All right, Morty. We're in your stupid giant's castle. What do we do next?

Morty: Would you just relax, Rick? All we got to do is find the treasure room, okay? It's nice and simple. You know, I'm sorry everything's going so smoothly and adventurously.

(A giant can be heard walking down the hall)

Rick (sarcastic): Uh-oh, Morty. Startin' to get a little hairy. What do you want to do, boss?

Morty: Come on, hurry. Behind this cookie jar.

Giant: Fee! Fi! Fo! Fum!

Rick: Just give up, Morty. This is game over. I'll take us home right now. You just say the word.

Morty: No way, Rick. This is all part of it. Adventures have conflict. Deal with it.

Giant: I smell the blood of- whoop!(the giant falls and cracks his head open on the table corner before hitting the ground)

Morty: Holy crap.

Rick: Oh, boy. He looks pretty bad down there, Morty. Looks like he's bleeding out.

(A giant woman walks in holding a baby)

Giant woman: Oh, Jesus! Dale! You sons of bitches! Oh, man. Hello, 911? My husband has been attacked by tiny people! He's dying!

(Cut to Rick and Morty at a giant jail and getting mug shots)

Detective: Hey, look, we get it. You're little, you're down on your luck, you think, "hey, he's a giant. Why don't we break into his home, rob him, and murder him?"

Morty: Th-th but that's not how it went down!

Detective: Oh, well, it's going down like that. You're both going down like that.

Rick: Ooh, boy, Morty, you're really showing me how it's done. Real straightforward and fun.

(Cut to the Smith dinning room and living room where Jerry is still frustrated, while Summer and Beth look much happier)

Summer: Like, letting go of the need to be popular is what makes people like you.

Beth: The most important love you can receive is from yourself.

(Several meeseeks now fill the livingroom, trying to help)

Meeseek: Okay, Jerry, you got to just choke up on the club!

Jerry: Well, which is it, choke up or follow-through?!

Meeseek: Aww, come on, Jerry, we've been over this. You know you got to do both! This is as frustrating for us as it is for you.

Jerry: Don't tell me that! That just puts pressure on me!

Meeseek: Just try to relax.

Jerry: You try to relax! Have you ever tried to relax?! It is a paradox! (Jerry walks to the dinning room) Ugh, these Meeseeks, huh? Kind of a handful. I can't imagine what you two must be going through.

Beth: Our Meeseeks have been gone for hours, Jerry.

Jerry: You're kidding me.

Beth: Notice anything different?

Jerry: I'm sorry. Hours?

Summer: Dad, mom is a beautiful woman! Look at her! You will lose her!

Meeseek: Uhh... Hey, Jerry, you mind if we get back to the task at hand? Meeseeks don't usually have to exist this long. It's getting weird.

(Cut to Rick and Morty in a giant courthouse)

Judge: Order in the court! Before the jury reaches its verdict, I just want to say that I consider you both very guilty.

Rick (sarcastic): Oh, great adventure, buddy. Rick and Morty go to giant prison. You know, if somebody drops the soap, it's gonna land on our heads and crush our spines, Morty. You know, it'll be really easy to rape us after that.

Morty: We're gonna be okay, Rick.

Rick: How? They took my portal gun. This is an open-and-shut case, Morty. You know, what do you think's gonna happen, some magical angel's gonna show up and then-(the court doors burst open and a giant in a suit walks down the isle.)

Giant Lawyer: Fee! Fi! Fo! Fum! I smell the violation of civil liberties! Your honor, I'm from a tiny-persons advocacy group and I have here in my hand a motion to dismiss. These little men were never read their giant rights and are therefore free-fi to fo-home.

(Murmers of confusion spread throughout the court)

Rick: W-what the hell is he talking about?

Giant Lawyer: They're free to go, is what I meant. I'm deconstructing our our our thing we say. We're giants. Nobody got that? Whatever.

Morty: Oh, man, what did I tell you, Rick? We did it!

(Rick and Morty appear outside the courthouse)

Rick: All right, Morty, looks like the portal gun's still working. You ready to head home?

Morty: Oh, yeah, you'd like that, wouldn't you, Rick? Well, you know what? We're not bailing out just yet. You know, we're gonna go find some treasure or something and and we're gonna bring it to those villagers.

Rick: Morty, cut your losses. This is obviously awash.

Morty: Yeah, you were saying that back when we first got arrested, but here we are, you know, walking down the courthouse steps.

(They look down the stairs and see that each step is as tall as a large building. The stairs seem to go on forever)

Rick: Oh, boy, Morty.

Morty: Usually, walking down the courthouse steps is the easy part of the adventure.

Rick: What do you say, Morty?

Morty: I say give me a hand, sidekick.

(Cut to the Smith livingroom. Dozens of meeseeks fill the room whinning, groaning and desperatly trying to help Jerry.)

NOTE: to make this easier an * will be put next to meeseek everytime a different meeseeks talks.

Jerry: Everybody shut up! Let me try! (Jerry swings and misses again) Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!

Beth: I'm going out.

Jerry: Wait. What?

Beth: Well, you're busy. I'm hungry. I thought I'd go out. Do you want me to be happy or do you want me to be in prison?

Jerry: Whoa, whoa, where in the hell is, I'll take you to dinner.

All the Meeseeks: AWWWWWWW!

Jerry: Hey, you know what? It's hard being me, too. I'll be right there. Look, I've got a marriage to keep together. At this point, my golf swing is more your problem than mine.

(Exit Beth and Jerry)

Meeseek: I can't take it anymore. I just want to die!

Meeseek *: We all want to die! We're Meeseeks! Why did you even rope me into this?

Meeseek *: 'Cause he roped me into this!

Meeseek *: Well, him over there, he roped me into this!

Meeseek *:Well, he roped me into this!

Meeseek *: Well, what about me? He roped me into this.

Meeseek *: Well, that one over there roped me into this.

Meeseek *: Well, he roped me into this.

(Cut to Rick and Morty climbing down a step like it's a mountian)

Rick: Yeah, Morty, this is the part of the story everybody loves scaling down 650,000 oversized steps.

Morty: All right, okay, you know, if this was a story, this part wouldn't be included, stupid. (They see an opening in one of the steps) Hey, Rick, what do you know? Look down there. Looks like some kind of tavern or something built right into the side of the step.

(Rick and Morty appear in the tavern)

Morty: Oh, wow, Rick. Now, this is more like it. Look, there's little staircase-shaped people in here. All kinds of crazy characters. This place is great, you know? It's whimsical and fun.

(Rick sees a creature staring at him)

Rick: What are you looking at, mother-

Morty: Easy, Rick.

(A strange looking waitress with large boobs greets them at their table)

Waitress: Pay them no mind. Those stair goblins can be moody. Now, what can I getcha? We've got skarlog poppies, flurlow, halzingers, bloogies, juicy time babies.

Rick: Yeah, yeah, yeah, how about some scotch whiskey? You got any of that around here? Or just a bunch of nonsense words?

Morty: Rick... We'll have two bloogies, please. And, uh, we were wondering, is there a faster way two heroes could get down these stairs?

Slippery: Y'all need to ride down the stairs? My name is slippely-slippery stair. I'll take you down there for 25 shmeckels.

Rick: 25 shmeckels? I don't know how much I don't know what that is. Is that a lot? Is it a little?

Waitress: That's exactly how much I spent on my big fake boobies.

Mr. Booby Buyer: Hi, I'm Mr. Booby Buyer. I'll buy those boobies for 25 shmeckels.

Waitess: It's a tempting offer, but I'm gonna have to decline.

Mr. Booby Buyer: Rats! What a shame.

Rick: Morty, your adventure's in a spiral. For real, man, time to pull out.

Morty: You keep heckling my adventure, Rick! You know why?

Rick: Uh, because it's lame?

Morty: It's because you're petty! You know, how many times have I had to follow you into some nonsensical bull crap? I always roll with the punches, Rick. Why can't you? Look, I got to take a leak, and when I come back, if you haven't learned how to lighten up, don't be here!

Rick: Whatever.

(Cut to the Smith livingroom with all the Meeseeks)

Meeseek: It's become clear-look at me- that if we concentrate all our efforts on Jerry's follow-through, we will solve this problem. I'm Mr. Meeseeks.

Meeseeks *: I'm Mr. Meeseeks. Look at me. The only thing that's clear is that choking up is the one true solution.

Meeseeks 3: Look at me. I'm Mr. Meeseeks. I've been trying to help Jerry for two days, an eternity in Meeseeks time, and nothing's worked. I fear the worst.

Meeseeks: Your failures are your own, old man. I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me. I say follow-through! Who's with me?! Follow-through!

(A Meeseek spawns in another Meeseek)

New Meeseek: I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me!

Meeseek: Kill him!

New Meeseek: Hisssss! (He attacks another meeseek)

(Cut to Morty in the bathroom)

Mr. Jelly Bean: How are you today? I'm Mr. Jelly Bean!

Morty: Hi, Mr. Jelly Bean. I'm Morty. My grandpa and I are on an adventure.

Mr. Jelly Bean: Nice. Is it a fun adventure?

Morty: I hope so. But I'm starting to get nervous that maybe it's gone a little too far off the rails.

Mr. Jelly Bean: Well, isn't that what adventures do?

Morty: Hey, you know what? You're right. Everything's going fine. I just got to relax and go with the flow.

Mr. Jelly Bean: Yeah. (He rubs Morty's sholders)

Morty: Okay. Uh. B-bye.

Mr. Jelly Bean: Uhh, no, stay. Go with the flow!

Morty: Stop. You're making me really uncomfortable.

(Mr. Jelly Bean clearly wants to rape Morty)

Mr. Jelly Bean (aggresive): Stop fighting me! Just let this happen!

Morty: Get off of me!

(cut to Rick singing karaoke)

Rick: ♪ Sweet home Alabama ♪

(back to Morty, the fighting makes it to a stall)

Morty: Whoo! No! Stop! Please!

Mr. Jelly Bean: Stop being such a tease, you sweet little-

Morty: No! No!

(Morty gets the upper hand and, in a frenzied attack, slams the toilet seat on Mr. Jelly Bean's head until he is knocked out)

(Back at the Smith house even more Meeseeks have spawned and a full out battle has started. However, even the badly hurt Meeseeks cannot die because the have not completed their task)

Meeseek: Everybody sto-o-o-p! Look at me! My brothers, nothing will be accomplished by shedding Meeseeks blood. None of us can die until our job is done.

Meeseek *: The job can't be done! We'll never get two strokes off his game!

Meeseek: No, we won't. But we will get all strokes off his game.

All other Meeseeks: Where's he going with this? What's he mean?

Meeseek: When we kill him!

(Loud hooting and joy from the meeseeks crowd)

(Cut to Jerry and Beth at dinner)

Beth: Jerry, maybe it's time I take that trip I always talk about.

Jerry: Where would you go?

Beth: I don't know, man. Italy. Greece. Argentina.

Jerry: Countries known for their sexually aggressive men. Did I tell you how much I love your new haircut?

(A loud noise is heard and the glass window breaks with a hoard of Meeseeks angrily storming in)

Jerry: What the heck?

Meeseek: There he is!

Beth: Run, Jerry!

(Beth and Jerry lock themselves in a freezer with a small window in the door)

Meeseek: Come on out, Jerry!

Jerry: Guys, I'll choke up. I'll follow through. I'll do whatever you tell me to do, okay?

Meeseek: Oh, we're well past that, Jerry.

(Cut to Rick at a card table with some other characters)

Card Player: Come on, Rick, quit stalling. What do ya got?

Rick: Read 'em and weep, fellas! (Morty comes back) Oh, hey, Morty. Listen, I'm really sorry about all that stuff I said earlier about your adventure. I'm havin' a good time, Morty. It's not so bad.

Morty (very stressed): Let's just go home, okay? I'm calling it. The adventure's over.

Rick: We can't leave now, Morty. I'm on fire!

Morty: Look, I want to leave now. You win the bet, okay? Just give me the portal gun and let's go, please. Please, I just want to go home.

(Rick sees the badly beaten Mr. Jelly Bean walk out of the bathroom and pieces together what happened)

Rick: Okay. Listen, Morty. I just won a bunch of shmeckels. Why don't we use 25 of them to pay slippery stair here for a ride back to the village, and then we'll give the rest of the shmeckels to the villagers, huh?

Morty: Really?

Rick: Sure, Morty. Yeah. You know, a good adventure needs a good ending.

(Outside on the steps)

Slippery: Buckle up! (He starts to take them down)

(Cut back to the freezer)

Meeseek (presumably 3): Meeseeks are not born into this world fumbling for meaning, Jerry! We are created to serve a singular purpose for which we will go to any lengths to fulfill! Existence is pain to a Meeseeks, Jerry. And we will do anything to alleviate that pain. Just ask... (Meeseek grabs a woman) Aah! ...what's your name, ma'am?

Woman: Samantha. Please, mister! Give him what he wants!

Jerry: Innocent people are going to die because of me. Why am I so mediocre?

(Beth takes a stand, tears a pipe off of a rack, and grabs Jerry off the ground)

Beth: Jerry, turn around. Straighten your back. Bend your knees. Bend them. Square your shoulders. Take a deep breath. I love you.

Meeseek (presumably 3): I'm counting to three, Jerry.

(Jerry, using the pipe, hits a garlic clove into a pot)

Samantha; What the f*** is going on?

All Meeseeks: He's got it! That's a lower handicap stro-o-ke!

(All the Meeseeks stop existing except 1)

Meeseeks: Excuse me. I'm a bit of a stickler Meeseeks. What about your short game?

Samantha: Oh, my God, oh, my God! What about your short game?!

(Jerry puts some more garlic into a cup)

Meeseek: Ooh, nice! (Stops existing)

Jerry: I think we'll take our food to go.

Owner: No, you won't. The police are coming. You have so many questions to answer.

Jerry: Fair enough.

(Rick and Morty return to the village in triumph)

The First Villager: Thank you, kind sir. Our village is saved! You are both true heroes!

Rick: Good job, Morty. Looks like you won the bet.

Morty: Thanks, Rick, but I don't know if I should. You know, you were right about the universe. It's a crazy and chaotic place.

Rick: Well, you know, maybe that's why it could use a little cleaning up every now and then, you know. This one's wrapped up neat and clean because we did it Morty style.

The First Villager: Oh! Heroes, we would like to introduce you to our beloved king so that he may thank you personally.

(The badly beaten Mr. Jelly Bean is carried to towards them on a thrown)

Morty: Uh, no, I-it's cool. Rick. Portal. Hurry.

(They portal away, but Rick makes another portal back and sticks an energy pistol through it and shoots Mr. Jelly Bean, splattering him all over the screaming villagers)

(Back at the Smith house)

Jerry: So... You still thinking about taking that trip?

Beth: Jerry, look. We don't have a perfect marriage, but I'm not going anywhere. When we were in that freezer, I realized the Meeseeks are like the guys I went to high school with willing to say anything to "complete their task."

Jerry: Was I one of those guys?

Beth: The difference is you didn't disappear afterwards.

Jerry: Well... I got you pregnant.

Beth: Yeah...

Rick: What the hell happened to this place?

Beth: Uh, your Meeseeks box happened. They went crazy when they couldn't take two strokes off Jerry's golf game. He felt terrible.

Rick: Hey, it's not my fault that Jerry's an idiot.

Beth: Dad! Is there anything you can do to clean this place up?

Rick: Well, you know, I do have a Fleeseeks box.

Jerry: No. No more boxes.

Rick: What? It just has a mop and some floor wax in it. Wubba lubba dub dubs! (Everyone laughs) Yeah! That's my new thing! I'm kind of like what's his name Arsenio. Isn't that it's what Arsenio used to say on his show. Wobble gobba lop bops! Right? See you next week, everybody.

(After the end credits at the village)

Beth: I don't get it.

Villager 1: Sir, I think you're going to want to see this. We found it inside a lockbox inside king Jelly Bean's closet. (A box of pictures of many young boys Mr. Jelly Bean molested) We have to tell the people.

Villager 2: Wait. Destroy it. (They set the box on fire) Our people will get more from the idea he represented... than from the jelly bean he actually was.

Transcripts Wiki
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY
 FANDOM
GAMES
MOVIES
TV
VIDEO
WIKIS
START A WIKI
ADVERTISEMENT
Transcripts Wiki
25,352
PAGES
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY

in: Article stubs, Rick and Morty Transcripts
Rick Potion
VIEW SOURCE
Rick and Morty: Season: 1 Episode: 6

Previous transcript:	Next transcript:
Meeseeks and Destroy	Raising Gazorpazorp
[incomplete]

This transcript isn't finished! This article is a stub. You can help Transcripts Wiki by expanding it.

[Open ext. Harry Herpson High School]

[Trans. int. Harry Herpson High School hallway]

(Morty is standing at his locker.)

Principal Vagina: (over the intercom, while the students talk) Principal Vagina here, don't let the name fool you, I'm very much in charge, reminding you that tonight is our annual flu season dance. I don't know how many times I have to say this but if you have the flu, stay home, the flu season dance is about awareness, not celebration. You don't bring dead babies to Passover.

(Morty watches Jessica with her friends at a nearby locker)

Jessica's friend: (to Jessica) Hey.

Morty: Ohhh. Okay, here we go. * walks over to Jessica and her friends* (Nervously) H-Heyy Jessica, ughh.

Jessica: What's up Morty? *sneezes*

Morty: Ugghh

Brad: *butts in* What are you doing?

Morty: Ummm

Brad: Wait, wait, Were you about to talk... to her?

Morty: Well, I mean, I was thinking about it.

Brad: Dude, Stay in your league! Look at how hot she is! You don't see me going to a bigger school, in a wealthier district and hittin' on their prettiest girl!

Jessica: (sarcastically) Gee, thanks, Brad.

(Jessica and Brad walk away)

Brad: I throw balls far. You want good words, date a languager.

(Morty stands at the locker alone and looks down in disappointment)

[Trans. ext. The Smith's house]

[Trans. int. The Smith's kitchen]

(Jerry is making a sandwich and talking to Morty at the counter)

Jerry: Eh, Try not to worry about it, Morty. You're a good kid, and there's not a premium on that right now, but you'll be getting girls sometime after Brad's out of shape.

Morty: (Plays with a cookie in sadness) You're missing the point, Dad. I don't want girls, I want Jessica!

Jerry: Ahhh, well, (gets another jar of sauce out of the cupboard) I remember feeling that way about a young lady named your mom, and that's not an urban dis, your mom was my Jessica. I remember the first time I saw her, I thought...

Rick: (enters and interrupts Jerry) I should get her pregnant, then she'll have to marry me. (grabs a glass from a cupboard)

Jerry: I beg your pardon, Rick, INAPPROPRIATE. (points to Morty)

Rick: (grabs ice from out of the freezer)(sarcastically) Sorry, please proceed with your story about banging my daughter in high school. (gets juice out of the refrigerator) I'm not sure you want to take romantic advice from this guy, Morty, his marriage is hanging from a thread.

Jerry: (Angrily) My marriage is fine, thank you.

(Rick walks towards Jerry)

Rick: Jerry, it's your house, whatever you say it is is how it is, (pours juice into the glass) but I think a blind man could see that Beth is looking for the door. I barely have a reason to care and even I noticed.

Morty: Come on, Rick, don't talk about my parents like that.

(Rick walks around counter, to Morty)

Rick: Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you, but what people call "love" is a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it, your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science. (exits room, drinking juice)

(Jerry walks next to Morty)

Morty: (In woe) Alright, well, I'm gonna go get dressed for the dance. (exits kitchen)

Jerry: Yeah, I'm just going to...check on your mom. (exits opposite direction)

[Trans. ext. The Smith's house]

[Trans. int. The Smith's garage]

(Rick is working on a machine, on his desk, as Morty enters, in his suit)

Rick: (With his back to Morty) Morty, hand me that screwdriver, huh? *Morty closes door* I'm almost finished making my ionic defibulizer, Morty. It's gonna be great.

Morty: Hey, listen, Rick. You know how you said that, you know... love is a chemical and all that stuff from earlier? (walks to Rick at his desk) Well, I was thinkn', you know, www... could you make some sort of chemical thing happen inside of Jessica's mind, you know, so where she falls in love with me and all that sort of thing, you know, like maybe make some sort of love potion or something?

Rick: Morty, that's such a poor use of my time, it's beneath me. Hand me the screwdriver. (points to the shelf)

Morty: (Angrily) YOU KNOW WHAT, NO RICK! I'M NOT GONNA HAND YOU THE SCREWDRIVER! Uh, I'm never gonna hand you anything ever again, Rick. (Rick gets up and grabs a box of supplies from the shelf) I'm always helping you with this and that and the other thing. Www...what about me, Rick? Www... why can't you just help me out once, once, for once?

Rick: *sighs* You're growing up fast, Morty. You're growing into a real big thorn straight up into my ass! (grabs some test tubes with yellow liquid and holds one up) Listen, this is called oxytocin. I extracted it from a vole. You know what a VOLE is, Morty, you know what a vole is?

(Morty shakes his head as Rick walks away from the shelf)

Rick: It's a, it's a rodent that mates for life, Morty. This is the chemical release in the mammal's brain, (sets down the box of objects, opens a hatch in a machine, and pours the oxytocin in) ...that makes it fall in love. Alright Morty, I just gotta *burps* combine it with some of your DNA.

Morty: Oh well, okay... (zips down his fly)

Rick: A hair, Morty, I need one of your hairs! This isn't Game Of Thrones. (plucks hair from Morty's head)

Morty: Oww!

(Rick drops the hair in the machine and closes the hatch) (The machine vibrates and makes noises, then pours an orange liquid into a conical flask, much like a coffee machine)

Rick: (grabs the flask containing the orange liquid) Alright, Morty, whoever you smear this stuff on will fall in love with you, and only you, forever. Ya happy now, Morty?

(Rick hands the potion to Morty, and walks away)

Morty: Heck yeah! Thank you, Grandpa Rick! (walks to the door, but thinks about it and looks back) Hey there's no dangers or anything or side effects, right?

Rick: Www.. what am I, a hack?! Go nuts, Morty, it's full proof.

(Morty leaves the garage as Rick works on the ionic defibulizer some more)

Rick: Ugh, unless she has the flu. (shrugs it off)

*suspense music*

[Trans Beth and Jerry's room]

(Beth is typing on the computer, while Jerry is sadly sitting on their bed)

Jerry: Beth, do you still love me?

Beth: *sighs* Want kinda question is that?

Jerry: The "yes" or "no" kind. *weak laugh of obviousness*

Beth: Jerry, do you want homeless people to have homes?

Jerry: Yess.

Beth: Are you gonna build them?

Jerry: Noo.

Beth: Then what good was the "yes"?

Jerry: (walks to Beth at the computer)(confused) Wait, iii... is loving me the house or the homeless people?

Beth: (Turns around to Jerry)(Irritated) Loving you is work, Jerry, hard work, like building a homeless shelter. Nobody want to say "no" to doing it, but some people put the work in. So what do ya say? Do you see me working here? Does this conversation seem tedious to me?

Jerry: Sort of.

Beth: But I obviously sort of love you, don't I? *alert on Beth's phone* So stop asking and maybe I'll love you more. (looks at her phone) Crap, They need me at the horse hospital.

(Beth gets up and grabs her jacket at the door)

Jerry: This late?

Beth: (puts on her jacket) The racetrack had a starlit derby, there's a seven horse collision, and Davin's there alone. (leaves the room, leaving Jerry alone)

Jerry: (In his head)(Progressively angrier) *Davin, Davin, Davin, Davin, Davin, Davin, Davin, Davin*

[Trans. ext. Herry Herpson High School, Gymnasium entrance]

(Dressed up students walk inside in pairs, a large banner reads "FLU SEASON DANCE" over the doors)

[Trans int. Flu Season Dance inside Gymnasium]

(Morty happily walks passed many students eating and dancing, a band plays Flu Hatin' Rap in the background)

Band Vocalist / MC Haps: (Background) Flu. Yo, you gotta be aware. Aware about the flu, up in the air. Imma get me a shot and make the flu go away. Flu hatin' rappers just rappin' away. Yo. Yo. Flu hatin' rapper. It's a flu hatin' rap....This is about flu awareness. Gotta be aware of the flu in the airness. Yo, I'm a flu hatin' rapper. My name is MC Haaaaaaaaaaps- Haps Yeah, I'm MC Haps, I'm a flu hatin' rapper, yo......

(Morty sees Jessica and her friends, he takes out a vial of the potion and pours it onto his hand, he then approaches them)

Morty: Hey there, Jessica. (Pretends to trip, wiping the potion on Jessica's arm) Whooa-whoopsie!

(Jessica turns around and becomes infected, falling in love with Morty)

Jessica:(infected) Omigod, Morty. You look REALLY nice tonight.

Morty: WOW, thanks!

(Jessica pulls Morty close to her breasts)

Jessica:(infected) I love you, Morty. I love you so much it burns!

Morty: Oh man. I love you too, Jessica! (Brad walks passed with a drink, he overhears)

Brad: (outraged) *spits* Is this punk bothering you, Jessica?(shoves Morty)

Jessica: (Infected) LEAVE HIM ALONE, JERK! (pulls Morty away) I'M IN LOVE WITH HIM! HE'S MORE MAN THEN YOU WILL EVER BE! *sneezes*

(Jessica sneezes infected bacteria into Brad's mouth) (You can more promptly hear the band's rap as the green spheres of bacteria spread throughout Brad's body, through his blood and nerves)

Brad: (infected) Aw man, Morty, ugh, I'm really sorry.

Morty: Oh, well, no problem Brad.

Brad: (hugs Morty)(infected) There's somethin' special bout you, somethin' special. (squeezes Morty's butt and back)

Morty: (pushes Brad away) Whoa, take it easy!

Jessica: (grabs Morty's left arm)(infected) GET YOUR HANDS OFF OF HIM!

Brad: (grabs Morty's right arm)(infected) BACK OFF I'M TRYING TO BE WITH MY MAN!

(Brad and Jessica quarrel over Morty)

Principal Vagina: (Stops the fight, pulling Brad back, aided with Mr. Goldenfold) That's enough Bradley. We don't want you injuring your ball-throwing arm.

(Principal Vagina and Mr. Goldenfold drag Brad away)

Brad: (disappointment)(infected) Oh, Principal Vagina.

(Jessica takes Morty away, grasping his head)

Jessica: (infected) Never leave me, Morty, NEVER.

(Morty and Jessica hold each other) (Nearby students begin to watch)

Morty: (confused) Uh, sure. I mean, of course not. What do you think that was all about?

Jessica: (infected) Who cares? Just hold me.

(Trans. Principal Vagina and Mr. Goldenfold dragging distraught Brad outside of the gym)

Brad: (infected) LET ME GO!!! I LOVE YOU MORTY! *sneeze, sneeze* (exits the gym)

(Brad sneezes infected bacteria into a nearby punch bowl, then again into a vent) *suspenseful music* Morty!

Jerry: She’s gonna be alone with that guy all night.
Summer: Yeah, dad, digging around the insides of horses. It’s not a very romantic setting.
Rick: Well, Summer, there’s always the possibility that she made the whole work thing up.
Maybe Davin’s digging around in herinsides.
Summer: Grandpa, so gross! You’re talking about my mom.
Rick: Well, she’s my daughter, Summer.
I outrank you.
Or family means nothing, in which case don’t play that card.
Jerry: She’s not responding to my texts!
Summer: Careful, dad.
Jealousy turns women off.
Jerry: Well, isn’t that convenient?
Rick: Not for the men they cheat on, no.
Jerry: Okay, I’m… going to go out… for some ice cream. And maybe stop by the hospital… to support my wife… with my confidence.
[Door closes]
Summer: God, grandpa, you’re such a dick.
Rick: I’m sorry, Summer. Your opinion means very little to me. How come you’re not at this stupid dance everyone loves so much?
Summer: Screw that. I don’t want to get sick. It’s flu season.
Rick: It is?
Summer: Yeah.
Rick: Uh-oh.
[Hip-hop music plays]
Morty: Please just let this work out.
[Moans] Do it, Morty. Do it.
Rip my clothes off and mate with me for life!
[Growls]
Morty: Um… can we maybe go somewhere more private?
Jessica, get a hold of yourself!
[Grunts]
You don’t deserve to carry Morty’s genes.
[Rapping]
♪ I love Morty ♪
♪ and I hope Morty loves me ♪ ♪ I’d like to wrap my arms around him ♪ ♪ and feel him inside me ♪
Morty: Oh, crap.
[Indistinct shouting]
Morty!
Rick: Morty, come on!
We got to get you out of here.
You’re not gonna believe this because it usually never happens, but I made a mistake.
[Both panting] come on, Morty.
We got to get out of here.
Come on.
Morty!
Morty: [wails] are you okay?
Morty: I’m fine!
Oh, good.
If anything ever happened to you, I would kill myself.
I love you bad, mo-mo!
[All panting]
[indistinct shouting]
Morty, the principal and I have discussed it, a-a-and we’re both insecure enough to agree to a three-way!
Rick: I didn’t realize when I gave you that serum that Jessica had the flu you know, t-t-t-t-t-t-t-that might have been valuable information for me, Morty.
Morty: What the hell is going on, Rick?
Rick: What does it look like? T-t-t-the serum is piggybacking on the virus. It’s gone airborne, Morty.
Morty: Oh, crap. What are we gonna do, Rick?
Rick: It’s gonna be fine, Morty, relax. I whipped up and antidote. It’s based on praying-mantis dna. You know, praying mantises are the exact opposite of voles, Morty.
I mean, they they mate once, and then they, you know, decapitate the partner.
I mean, it’s a whole ritual.
It’s really gruesome and totally opposite.
There’s no love at all.
I-i-i basically mixed this with a more contagious flu virus.
It should neutralize the whole thing, Morty.
It’ll all be over very shortly.
[Indistinct shouting]
Uh, by the way, Morty, I know you didn’t ask or anything, but I’m not interested in having s*x with you.
These serums, they don’t work on anybody related to you genetically.
Morty!
[All groaning]
Rick: Okay, well, sometimes, science is more art than science, Morty.
A lot of people don’t get that.
Jerry: [gasps]
[tires screech]
Come on. Are you kidding me?
Hello!
Morty!
You’re not Morty!
Bring us Morty!
[Gun cocks]
Jerry: Nobody’s killing me until after I catch my wife with another man.
I had s*x with billy.
But you were already pregnant!
Yeah, so what’s the worst that could happen?
We interrupt "pregnant baby" with breaking news.
Summer: [groans] Come on.
This just in Morty smith’s whereabouts are still unknown.
Summer: What the hell?
The only thing that is known is… how cute he is.
I love him so much, I want to make love to him and then eat his head.
I love him more than you do, harold!
You wish, you stupid bitch!
Morty’s mine!
Morty’s mine!
Meant to be together!
[Speaking arabic]
Morty!
[Speaking arabic]
[banging on door]
Where is Morty?
Summer: [screams]
[conversing in native language]
Morty: Oh, my god, Rick.
The whole world is infected!
Rick: Yeah, it’s pretty wild how fast that spread.
I’ve really outdone myself.
Morty: Outdone yourself?!
W-w a-are are you kidding me, Rick?
This is not okay!
Not only do they all want to have s*x with me, but, you know, now they want to eat me afterwards!
Rick: Yeah, I don’t know what I was thinking.
Mantises are they opposite of voles?
I mean, obviously, dna’s a little more complicated than that.
You know what, though, Morty?
This right here’s gonna do the tRick, baby.
It’s koala mixed with rattlesnake, chimpanzee, cactus, shark, golden retriever, and just a smidge of dinosaur.
Should add up to normal humanity.
Morty: I don’t that doesn’t make any sense, Rick.
How does that add up to normal humanity?
Morty: What, Morty, you want me to show you my math?
I’m sorry a-are you the scientist or are you the kid that wanted to get laid?
[Exhales deeply] Well, I’m glad we saved all those horses, but I’m almost sorry we’re finished.
Beth: Yes, it’s satisfying work.
Unh-unh-unh, it’s, uh it’s more than the work.
I love being in that sterilized room, sealed off from the world.
It’s the only time I can really think… and feel.
[Slow music plays]
Beth: Hmm, uh, what are you doing?
I’m playing african dream pop.
What do youdo after a long night?
[Click]
Beth: Oh, ha, um, hey, I b I’d better get going.
Um, Jerry’s been texting some pretty high-maintenance stuff.
Beth…
Beth: What is it, davin?
Just once, I’d like to know [sneezes]
…w-w-what it was like to give your son a bath.
Beth: What?!
What does Morty’s skin smell like?
How soft… [grunts] How soft are his privates?
Beth: Let go of me, davin!
[Glass shatters]
[roars] Take me to Morty.
Jerry: [grunts] You’re not Morty.
Jerry: No.
I’m mr. Crowbar, and this is my friend, who is also a crowbar.
That’s… stupid.
Jerry: [grunting] Yeah? Well, look where being smart got you.
Beth: Jerry! Thank god!
Jerry: God?
God’s turning people into insect monsters, Beth.
I’m the one beating them to death.
Thank me.
Beth: Thank you, Jerry.
Thank you.
Rick: Take a good look down there, Morty, and soak it in, because, you know, once I pull this lever, it’s all back to normal.
Morty: Just do it already.
Rick: Well, technically, Morty, there’s no rush.
I mean, you know, o-once it’s fixed, it’s done.
It’s fixed.
You know, we could we could just enjoy it for a little bit.
I mean, l-l-l-look at how crazy it is.
I mean, Morty, w-w-when’s the next time you’re gonna see something like this?
I mean, soak it in, you know?
It’s it’s pretty neat.
It’s pretty interesting.
Morty: That’s it, Rick!
I’m pulling the lever.
[Grunts]
Rick: W-what do we have here, Morty?
Looks like I was right and you were wrong, huh?
I-i-i-i-i-i-i bet you feel pretty stupid right about now, huh?
I-i-i bet you feel like the world’s smallest man that you were doubting me about this whole thing, Morty.
Morty: Oh, Rick, something’s not right.
Rick: [sighs] Yeah, you.
You’re not right ever.
Morty: No, no!
Look, you idiot!
[All screaming]
[all speaking native language]
[all groaning]
[all ululating]
Rick: Bet you’re loving this, Morty.
This must be the best day of your life.
You get to be the mayor of I told you town.
[Slurps]
You’re welcome.
[Slurps]
Jerry: Hold on.
Beth: [whimpers]
[engine revs, tires squeal]
[gun cocks]
Jerry: I wish that shotgun was my pen1s.
Beth: If it were, you could call me ernest hemingway.
Jerry: I don’t get it, and I don’t need to.
[Both moaning]
Summer: Mom! Dad!
Both: Summer!
Beth: [sighs]
Jerry: Where’s Morty?
Summer: I don’t know.
Do you think grandpa Rick had something to do with this?
Jerry: It’s not fair to assume that, Summer.
Beth: Oh, not fair?
Give me a break.
He is a selfish, irresponsible ass, and he left my mother.
A real man stands by his woman.
[Both moaning]
Summer: Tchoo.
Tchoo-tchoo-tchoo. Tchoo-tchoo.
Rick: Boy, Morty, I really cronenberged the world up, didn’t i?
We got a whole planet of cronenbergs walking around down there, Morty.
A-at least they’re not in love with you anymore, though.
That’s a huge step in the right direction.
Morty: Oh, my god!
It’s a living nightmare!
How could you be so irresponsible, Rick?
Rick: Me irresponsible?!
You all I wanted you to do was hand me a screwdriver, Morty!
You’re the one who wanted to be wanted me to buckle down and make you up a… roofie-juice serum so you could roofie that poor girl at your school.
I mean, g w-w-w-w-w w are you kidding me, Morty?
You’re gonna try to take the high road on this one?
Y-y-y-y-you’re a little creep, Morty.
Y-you’re a you’re you’re you’re just a little creepy… creep person.
Morty: All right, fine.
I should have just listened to you when you refused to make the serum.
I’m willing to accept my part of the blame for this, Rick.
But I’ll tell you something you know what?
You got to accept your part of the blame!
I’m not the one who fouled up the serum!
I’m not the one who who who who haphazardly, you know, mixed a bunch of nonsense together and created a bunch of cronenbergs!
You got to fix this, Rick!
Morty: All right, all right, Morty.
You know, w-w-w-we are in a pretty deep hole, here, but I do have one emergency solution that I can use that’ll kind of put everything back to normal, relatively speaking.
Here, Morty, put this on while I do a little bit of scouting.
[Birds chirping]
Morty: Wow, Rick, I got to say you really pulled a rabbit out of your hat this time.
I mean, i-i really thought that the whole place was gonna be messed up for good, but here, you did it y-y-you you you figured out that crazy solution, like you always do.
Whoo!
That’s some great luck.
Rick: Come on, Morty.
Luck had nothing to do with it.
I’m great.
That’s the real reason.
Now, Morty, what do you say, buddy?
Will you hand me a screwdriver so I can finish my ionic dis defibulizer?
Morty: Sure thing, Rick.
Here’s a screwdriver.
Rick: All right, Morty.
Thank you very much.
We got one screw turn… and two screw turns… and… all right, Morty, here we are.
Morty: Oh, my god, Rick!
Is that us?!
W-w-w-we’re dead!
What is going on, Rick?
I’m freaking out!
Rick: Calm down, Morty!
Look at me! Calm down, Morty!
Morty: No, I can’t deal with this!
Rick: Calm yourself, Morty.
Morty: I can’t deal with this, Rick!
Rick: Calm down, Morty.
Morty: This can’t be real!
Rick: You got to calm down, Morty.
Morty: W-w-w-w-we’re ripped apart!
Rick: Shut up and listen to me!
It’s fine. Everything is fine.
There’s an infinite number of realities, Morty, and in a few dozen of those, I got lucky and turned everything back to normal.
I just had to find one of those realities in which we also happen to both die around this time.
Now we can just slip into the place of our dead selves in this reality and everything will be fine.
We’re not skipping a beat, Morty.
Now, help me with these bodies.
Morty: This is insane.
Rick: Look, Morty, I’ll grab myself, you grab yourself, okay?
I mean, t-t-t-that seems fair to me I mean, that seems like a fair way to divvy it up.
Morty: Rick, what about the reality we left behind?
Rick: What about the reality where hitler cured cancer, Morty?
The answer is don’t think about it.
It’s not like we can do this every week, anyways.
We get three or four more of these, tops.
Now, pick up your dead self and come on.
Haste makes waste.
I-i-i don’t suppose you’ve considered this detail, but obviously, if I hadn’t screwed up as much as I did, we’d be these guys right now, so, again, you’re welcome.
♪ look on down from the bridge ♪
♪ there’s still fountains down there ♪ ♪ look on down from the bridge ♪ ♪ it’s still raining up here ♪ ♪ everybody seems so far away from me ♪ ♪ everybody just wants to be free ♪ ♪ look away from the sky ♪ ♪ it’s no different when you’re leaving home ♪ ♪ I can’t be the same thing to you now ♪ ♪ I’m just gone ♪ ♪ just gone ♪ ♪ how could I say goodbye? ♪ ♪ how could I say goodbye? ♪
Summer: You know, the thing about a shark… he’s got lifeless eyes… black eyes, like a doll’s eyes. When he comes at ya, he doesn’t seem to be living until he bites ya, and then the the blood, and the red, and the water…
Jerry: [sighs] You ever wonder what happened to Rick and Morty?
Beth: Sometimes. But, I’m ashamed to admit, now that they’re gone, I’m finally happy.
Rick: Here we are, cronenberg Morty a reality where everyone in the world got genetically cronenberged.
We’ll fit right in, cronenberg Morty.
It’ll be like we never even left cronenberg world.
Morty: Yeah, Cronenberg Rick, but, you know, I’m gonna miss cronenberg world, because everyone was cronenberged all along like us from the beginning, you know?
I mean, I-I wish we hadn’t genetically ruined cronenberg world beyond repair like we did, you know, and turned everyone into regular, normal people just walking around.
Cronenberg Rick: Don’t you worry about that sort of thing, Cronenberg Morty. Let’s go make ourselves at home, huh?

Transcripts Wiki
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY
 FANDOM
GAMES
MOVIES
TV
VIDEO
WIKIS
START A WIKI

ADVERTISEMENT
Transcripts Wiki
25,352
PAGES
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY

in: Article stubs, Rick and Morty Transcripts
Rixty Minutes
VIEW SOURCE
Rick and Morty: Season: 1 Episode: 8

Previous transcript:	Next transcript:
Raising Gazorpazorp	Something Ricked This Way Comes
[incomplete & unfixed/messed]

This transcript isn't finished! This article is a stub. You can help Transcripts Wiki by expanding it.


Int. Smith Residence. The Smith Family and Rick are sitting in the living room watching TV.

Bachelor (on TV): Cynthia…

Jerry: Oh, my God! No, no…!

Summer: I told you!

Beth: Hold on.

Bachelor (on TV): Will you please… NOT marry me-- I choose Veronica.

Summer: What?

Jerry: Yes!

Beth: Called it.

Summer: Why would he choose Veronica?

Jerry: Because he loves her?

Rick: Well if it’s any consolation, Summer, none of it mattered, and the entire show is stupid.

Jerry: Okay, I’ve got an idea, Rick: you show us your concept of "good TV", and we’ll crap all over that.

Rick: [stands, walking to the TV] I thought you’d never ask.

[disconnects and drops cable box, which breaks upon impact to the floor]

Jerry: Hey!

Morty: Oh, cool! Is that crystallized Zanthonite? It conducts electrons across dimensions.

Rick: [working on the cable box] 20% accurate, as usual, [snatching the remote from Morty] Morty. [reconnecting the cable box as the TV buffers] The important thing being I just upgraded our cable package with programming from every conceivable reality.

Jerry: Wait, does that mean we get Showtime Extreme?

Rick: How about Showtime Extreme in a world where man evolved from corn? [turns on TV]

Corn Man 1 (on TV): We’re not so different. We’re both corn of action.

Corn Man 2 (on TV): Yeah… But one of us is dead corn! [shoots Corn Man 1]

Summer: Boring.

Rick: Summer, [belch] you just spent [belch] three months watching a man choose a fake wife.

Jerry: So, what, It’d be better if the people were corn?

Rick: Jerry, you don’t get it. This is infinite TV, from infinite universes. Look. [changes channel]

Glenn (on TV): This shit is delicious.

Rick: A movie about a guy eating shit. [changes channel, various people are fighting on TV] A violent Antiques Show… [changes channel]

Letterman (on TV): It’s a pleasure to have you.

Jerry (on TV): The pleasure’s all mine.

Rick: Letterman from a time line where Jerry’s famous. [changes channel]

Jerry: Wait!

Beth: What in the hell?

Rick: I agree. Where’s this going?

Jerry: No, the other thing! Go back!

Rick: Really? All right, fine.

Woman (on TV): Glenn, this is a court order. It says you can’t eat shit anymore.

Rick: All right, Jerry, when you’re right, you’re right. Now I’m hooked.

Int. Smith Residence. The Smith Family and Rick are sitting in the living room watching TV.

Announcer (on TV): Coming up next on "Shmloo’s the Shmloss", Shmlony has a nightmare.

Shmlony (on TV): Shmlantha, Schmlona!

Rick: Amazing. A dimension where all proper nouns begin with "Schmla".

Shmlony (on TV): Schmlove, Schmlandula, Schmlonathan--

Rick: All right, that got that actually got old pretty quick.

Jerry: [sighs] Rick, would you please go back to me on David Letterman?

Rick: [flipping through the channels] Infinity’s a big number, Jerry. I don’t remember the channel.

Beth: Go back, go back!

Rick: Jeez. [changes channel]

Jerry (on TV): You speak da tru-tru.

Summer: Oh my God! Dad’s in "Cloud Atlas"!

Jerry: I’m in "Cloud Atlas"! What’s "Cloud Atlas"?

Jerry (on TV): Sometimes small tru-tru different than da big tru-tru.

Beth: How is this possible?

Rick: Infinite time lines, infinite possibilities. Including a time line where Jerry’s a movie star. Look, you guys are getting excited about the wrong aspect of this device. Ju-- Wa-- Look at this. [changes channel]

Host in Trenchcoat (on TV): And now, another Quick Mystery.

Cop (on TV): I just want to know who could’ve done something like this. It’s a travesty!

Killer 1 (on TV): I did. See this knife and all the blood on it? Here’s my fingerprints.

Judge (on TV): Guilty! I sentence you to life in prison.

[Killer 1 is thrown in jail]

Host in Trenchcoat (on TV): Here’s another Quick Mystery.

Man (on TV): My mother’s dead!

Killer 2 (on TV): And I killed her. Here’s the weapon. And cuff me, thank you very much.

Judge (on TV): Guilty! Sentenced to murder.

[Killer 2 is killed via electric chair]

Host in Trenchcoat (on TV): Here’s anothe--

Killer 3 (on TV): I’m the killer! [puts gun in mouth, firing it once offscreen]

Host in Trenchcoat (on TV): Wow, that one was really quick, wasn’t it?

Rick: Now who wants to watch random, crazy TV shows from different dimensions a-a-and then who wants to narcissistically obsess about their alternate self?

Beth, Summer, and Jerry [all at once]

Narcissism.

The narcisstic stuff.

I want to obsess about myself.

Rick: [sighs] Here. [stands, pulling an ocular device from his coat] These scan your retinas, and let you view parallel time lines through genetically matching versions of your eyes. [throws the device into the kitchen] Go fetch!

[Jerry, Summer, and Beth run to the kitchen]

Beth and Summer: [at the same time] Yes! This is so cool! Ladies First!

Rick: I’m proud of you, Morty.

Morty: Hey man, I don’t give a crap about myself, Rick. Let’s watch some crazy stuff, yo!

Ants-In-My-Eyes Johnson (on TV): I’m Ants-In-My-Eyes Johnson, Here at Ants-in-My-Eyes Johnson’s Electronics. I mean, there’s so many ants in my eyes! And there’s so many TVs, microwaves, radios I think, I can’t-- I’m not 100% sure what we have here in stock, because I can’t see anything. Our prices, I hope, aren’t too low! Check out this refrigerator! Only $200! What about this microwave? Only $100! That’s fair! I’m Ants-in-My-Eyes Johnson! Everything’s black, I can’t see a thing! [set on fire] And also I can’t feel anything either-- did I mention that? But that’s not as catchy as having ants in your eyes. So that always goes, you know, off by the wayside. I can’t feel. It’s a very rare disease. All my-- All my nerves, they don’t allow for the sensation of touch. So I never know what’s going on. Am I standing? Sitting? I don’t know.

Int. Smith Residence. Jerry, Beth, and Summer are in the kitchen with the Ocular Device.

Beth: Are we sure we want to do this? Look at our own alternate lives?

Jerry: You’re right. Maybe we should just play Yahtzee-- [grabs the device] Give me those! [turns switch]

Beth: What do you see?

Jerry: Whiteness… Pure whiteness.

Johnny Depp (on Device): You’re my best friend, Jerry Smith. I love doing cocaine with you.

Jerry: Whoa! I love doing cocaine with you too, Johnny Depp!

Beth: [sighs, taking the device] Haven’t we spent enough time on you? [turns switch] I’m performing surgery… but not on a horse, on a human!

Jerry: That’s great, Beth! You always wanted to be a real surgeon.

Beth: [taking off device] I am a real surgeon.

Jerry: Ahh, uh-- Summer’s turn! [giving Summer the device]

Summer: Finally! I don’t see anything.

Beth: Well, you should select a different timeline, I mean, if your father and I achieved our dreams, there’s a chance you weren’t even born-- That came out wrong, that came out '‘very wrong.

Summer: Fine, I’ll find a world where you bothered to have me. [turns switch a few times] We’re playing Yahtzee.

Beth

Yahtzee’s fun. We love Yahtzee.

Jerry

It’s a fun game for fun families! Hey, could I get those goggles back for a second?

Int. Smith Residence. Rick and Morty are sitting in the living room watching TV.

Announcer (on TV)

It’s a 45 horsepower with anti-lock brakes, and it’s the official car of Mr.

Sneezy 3D. It’s the brand-new Sneezy XL. The horn when you honk it makes a sneeze noise. [car sneezes] It’s polite, it’s right, and it’s Sneezy Deezy Mc Deluxe.

Mr. Sneezy 3D (on TV)

Oh, I’m Mr. Sneezy! Achoo!

Morty

Huh, seems like TV from other dimensions has a somewhat looser feel to it.

Rick

Yeah, it’s got an almost improvisational tone. [changes channel]

Announcer (on TV)

It’s in theaters now! Coming this summer: Two brothers. In a van. And then a meteor hit. And they ran as fast as they could, from giant cat monsters. And then a giant tornado came and that’s when things got knocked into 12th gear.

A Mexican armada shows up. With weapons made from Two--tomatoes. And you better bet your bottom dollar that these two brothers know how to handle business. In: Alien Invasion Tomato Monster Mexican Armada Brothers, Who Are Just Regular Brothers, Running In a van from an Asteroid and All Sorts of Things THE MOVIE! Hold on, there’s more! Old women are coming, and they’re also in the movie, and they’re gonna come, and cross attack these two brothers. But let’s get back to the brothers, because they’re-- they have a strong bond. You don’t want to know about it here, but I’ll tell you one thing: The moon it comes crashing into Earth. And what do you do then? It’s two brothers and--and th-they’re It’s called Two brothers. Two brothers! [starts laughing] It’s just called Two Brothers.

Int. Smith Residence. Jerry, Beth, and Summer are in the kitchen with the Ocular Device.

Beth

Holy crap, I am winning a Nobel Prize.

Jerry [taking the device]

Come on! Time’s up!

[turns switch] I’m taming a lion! No, wait, uhh there are film cameras. I might be a lion-tamer in a movie. [gives Summer the device] You get the idea. I work with lions.

Summer [turning switch]

[dryly] Ooh, we’re not playing Yahtzee, [shoves device into Jerry’s hands] we’re playing Chutes and Ladders. It seems like when I exist, life gets a little more, I don’t know, predictable?

Beth

When two people create a life together, they set aside their previous lives as individuals.

Jerry

Gimme a break! We’re not heroes for having unprotected sex on prom night.

Beth

Oh, I get it. Now that you know you could have had it better, you resent me for holding you back.

Jerry

Well now that we know you think the tables are turning, we know you thought there were unturned tables!

Beth

[scoffs] What are you talking about?

Jerry

All this time, you’ve been thinking, "What if that loser Jerry hadn’t talked me out of the abortion?"

Summer

Um--

Jerry

Well now you know: you’d be a doctor. [circles finger] Whoop-dee-doo. You’d also be drinking wine, alone in a house full of exotic birds. And I’d be on DiCaprio’s yacht-- [holds up device] banging Kristen Stewart!

Summer

You thought about getting an abortion?

Beth

Everyone thinks about it. Obviously, I’m the version of me that didn’t do it. So you’re welcome.

Jerry

Yeah, you’re welcome.

Summer

Yeah, thank you guys so much. It’s a real treat to be raised by parents that force themselves to be together instead of being happy.

Rick [walking to the cupboard]

Hey, do we have any wafer cookies? [grabs cookie box. eats cooke and starts walking away] Mm! [stops and looks back at Jerry, Summer and Beth] Oh, boy. Looks like you guys have been checking out alternate lives and realizing you don’t have it as good, huh? That’s too bad. You know, me and Morty are having a blast, We just discovered a show called "Ball Fondlers". I mean, I don’t want to rub it in or anything, but you guys clearly backed the wrong conceptual horse. [eats another cookie, walking offscreen]

Int. Smith Residence. Rick and Morty are sitting in the living room watching TV.

Rick

I’m in heaven right now. [eating wafer cookies]

Morty

This might be the best day of my life.

Int. Smith Residence. Jerry, Beth, and Summer are in the kitchen.

Beth

So now what do we do?

Jerry

That show "Ball Fondlers" sounded kind of interesting.

Summer

Dad!

Jerry

What? They’re having fun in there! What do you guys want from me? Every family on this block has to wonder if they’re together by choice. Our family just has inter-dimensional goggles to show us for a fact that we’re not.

Summer

We’ll I’m leaving!

Beth

You can’t leave, you’re 17!

Summer

Yeah, and I’m not pregnant. I’m gonna have better judgment than you guys had at my age.

I’m gonna… move to the southwest and-- I don’t know, do something with turquoise. [walks offscreen]

Int. Smith Residence. Rick and Morty are sitting in the living room watching TV.

[Summer storms off, passing in from of the TV]

Announcer (on TV)'’

Saturday Night Live! Starring a piece of toast! Two guys, with handle-bar mustaches! A man painted silver who makes robot noises! Garmanarnar! Three s-- uh uh, uh, uh, I’ll get back to that one A hole in the wall, where the men can see it all and returning, for his 25th consecutive year: Bobby Moynihan!

Rick

Interesting fun fact, uh, Moynihan and piece of toast hate each other. Apparently they’ve got some real creative differences. [changes channel]

Fake Doors Salesman (on TV)

Hey, are you tired of real doors, cluttering up your house, where you open ‘em, and they actually go somewhere? [music starts] And you go in another room?

[snaps suspenders]Get on down to "Real Fake Doors"! That’s us. Fill a whole room up with ‘em. See? Watch, check this out! [tries opening a few doors] Won’t open. Won’t open. Not this one, not this one. None of ‘em open! FakeDoors.com is our website, so check it out for a lot of really great deals on fake doooooooors! [music fades. He walks off the set, still looking at the camera. He gets into he car and starts driving]

Morty

Hey, wait a minute, Rick. Wh-- I thought this was a commercial. Wh-what’s going on? I mean--

Rick

Relax, Morty. Don’t-don’t worry about it. Let’s just just see where this goes.

Fake Doors Salesman (on TV)

[honks horn]Step on it, we all got places to be! [honks] Son of a bitch!

Morty

See, that must be where he lives. OK…

Rick

Huh. Making himself a sandwich now..

Fake Doors Salesman (on TV)

[music starts back up] Hey everybody! So this is my house, I just made a sandwich, peanut butter and jelly, still here, still selling fake doors!

Morty

What?!

Rick

Oh, my God! It’s still the commercial!

Fake Doors Salesman (on TV)

We have fake doors like you wouldn’t believe! What are you worried about? Come get fake doors. Call us up, and order some fake doors today. Don’t even hesitate, Don’t even worry and don’t even…

Rick

All right, I’m bored. Change it.

Morty

Wait wait, Rick! Hold on hold on…

Fake Doors Salesman (on TV)

…give it a second thought. That’s our slogan. See it on the bottom of the screen, below our name. Here’s another slogan, right below that one. What are you worried about? Come get fake doors! Get in here quick, get out quicker, with an arm of fake doors in you arms.

Morty

Okay, okay, you can change it.

Fake Doors Salesman (on TV)

Don’t even worry about it!

[channel changes]

Gazorpazorpfield (on TV)

[yawns] I hate Mumunmunundsdays. And I really could go for some enchiladas.

Morty

Hey Rick, that’s pretty cool! It’s just like Garfield, only instead, it’s Gazorpazorpfield.

Rick

Hey, isn’t Gazorpazorp where-where uh, where those Sex robots came from, remember? That whole thing?

Morty

Yeah hey, that’s pretty, pretty that’s true. That’s right!

Rick

Yeah. Let’s watch some more Gazorpazorpfield!

Gazorpazorpfield (on TV)

Hey Jon, it’s me, Gazorpazorpfield. Boy, fuck you, Jon. You fucking dumb, stupid, idiot.

Jon (on TV)

Come on, Gazorpazorpfield, go easy on me, huh?

Gazorpazorpfield (on TV)

You dumb, stupid, weak, pathetic, white, white uh, uh guilt, white guilt, milquetoast piece of human garbage.

Jon

Jeez, Gazorpazorpfield, that’s-- you know you’re pretty mean to me, but that takes the cake.

Gazorpazorpfield (on TV)

I don’t give a fuck! I’m Gazorpazorp-fucking-field, bitch!

[kicks coffee cup over] Now give me my fucking enchiladas!

Morty

Hey, Rick, you know, di-did they use Bill Murray for this? Sounds a lot like Bill Murray.

Rick

No, Morty, it’s Lorenzo Music. In this reality, he’s still alive.

Morty

Oh, okay, was his name Lorenzo Music?

Rick

Yeah, I’m pretty sure. He also did that voice of that one guy from Ghostbusters, which is really strange, because it’s the same character Bill Murray played in the movie. But then, when they made the movie Bill Murray did the voice of Gazorpazorp-- or Garfield, I mean.

Morty

Yeah, that’s pretty cool, Rick. So all that happened in this reality too?

Rick

I don’t know. Just making conversation with you, Morty. What do you think? I-I-I-I know everything about everything?

Int. Smith Residence. Jerry and Beth are in the kitchen.

Beth

Did you really talk me out of the abortion? [drinking from a now empty winebox]

Jerry

Well, we… we blew a tire on the way to the clinic.

Beth

I think, in my head, I was doing it all for the kids. And now the first kid is going to… do something with turquoise.

Jerry

Which is either code for crystal meth, or a gateway to it.

Beth

So, we didn’t do the kids any favors. So, we should stay together for each other and ourselves… or…

Jerry

Or?

Int. Smith Residence. Rick and Morty are sitting in the living room watching TV.

Spokesman (on TV)

Man. Woman. And now trunk man? We know science has created men that have a trunk that allows them to have sex with both male and female partners.

But we don’t like the idea of these people getting married. Put a line in the sand everybody--, people! Vote no on proposition XW2.

Suspender Guy (on TV)

The act that says that gay uh trunk people can get married. Who needs it?

Garbageman (on TV)

Not on my watch!

Spokeman (on TV)

Paid for by Michael Dennys and The Denny Singers.

Trunkperson (on TV)

Hi, I’m a trunk person. And I want I-I feel love in my heart, too, just like you. I want to be able to express that love, with both a man and a woman. And I won’t be able to if Denny and The Denny Singers get their way.

New Yorker (on TV)

Hey, let the trunk people have sex and get married, huh?

Spokesman (on TV)

Paid for by… Trunk People.

Mr. Tophat Jones (on TV)

Oh, I love me Strawberry Smiggles! Ooh, I hope nobody ever gets my hands on me, and tries to steal my Strawberry Smiggles. I’m going to eat every last one of them, because and then they’ll be in my stomach, and nobody will ever be able to eat them. Except for me, because they’re going to be all inside my stomach. I’m my name is Mister… Tophat Jones, and God forbid anyone ever take my sniggy, little pig-dul smiggles. I’m keeping ‘em all for me.

[eating the Strawberry Smiggles] Last bite. Oh, now they are all resting comfortably in my stomach. Ooh, am I feeling good.

[two children come onto screen, one with a knife and one with a roll of tape]

Mr. Tophat Jones (on TV)

No! Get away from me! Get away from me and my Strawberry Smiggles! No!

[he’s knocked over and bound. the girl guts his stomach open with the knife and the children process to eat the cereal from him] [screaming in agony] Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! It hurts! My entrails are out! Why would you even want to eat these? They’re-they’re soaked with my stomach acid! Oh, Jesus Christ! Lord and savior and spirit! Save me! Take me to the light! Oh, my God, I see Demons! I see demons are coming!

Morty

Jeez, Rick. Oh my god! That’s some pretty hardcore stuff, you know, for a cereal commercial.

Rick

Well, you know, Morty, I mean, you want to sell boxes of cereal, you gotta, you gotta, pump the gas a little. Pedal t-to the metal, Morty.

Announcer (on TV)

In a world, where muscular mannies, are coming, and they’re coming strong, there’s only three unmuscular Michaels.

Unmuscular Michael 1 (on TV)

Get down! Hurry, run!

Announcer (on TV)

And that’s when real turbulent juice is coming, and you gotta take care of it. With turbulent juice, turbulent tables. No room is safe from the turbulent power of turbulent juice.

Morty

What in the hell?

Rick

Sex sells, Morty.

Morty

Sex sells what? W-was that a movie, or like, does it clean stuff? [Jerry sits down and sighs, murmuring] Hey, Dad. W-w-what’s going on?

Jerry

Oh, your mother and I are going to be spending some time apart, Morty. And your sister found out she was an unwanted pregnancy.

Morty

W-w-w-what?

Rick

Speaking of [belching] what, Morty, [belching] what should we [belch] watch next? What about this? [changes channel]

Police Cheif (on TV)

Baby Legs, you’re a good detective, but not good enough, because of your baby legs. So I’m partnering you up with Regular Legs.

Regular Legs (on TV)

Hey there.

Baby Legs (on TV)

Detective, I’m-- this is upsetting to me, because I feel like I don’t need no regular-leg partner.

Police Chief (on TV)

Baby Legs, don’t talk back to me. Good luck you two, there’s a criminal to kill. [sips coffee]

Regular Legs (on TV)

Wow! You sure found this guy quick!

Baby Legs (on TV)

Uh, yeah, because I’m a good detective.

Regular Legs (on TV) [whispering]

Look, Baby Legs, it’s the criminal!

Criminal (on TV)

Oh, fuck it, I’m the killer. I’m running, running real quick.

Baby Legs (on TV)

Baby Legs, here we go! [makes whirring noise with mouth] That’s the sound I make, when I’m trying to run fast. [falls over] All right, I’m not going to get him. I’m, I-I just learned a real valuable lesson.

regular Legs (on TV)

I’m coming, Baby Legs! I’m Regular Legs! [tackles the Criminal] We got him!

Baby Legs (on TV)

Hey, that was good team work.

Police Chief (on TV) Baby Legs, and Regular Legs, I’m proud of you two for working together, and Baby Legs, I know it was hard for you to come to the conclusion that you need a partner. But I’m proud of you that you did it.

Baby Legs (on TV) - Hey thanks, chief!

Police Chief (on TV) Now get the fuck out of here!

Rick

Pretty cool, huh, Morty? [Morty’s gone] Oh.

Jerry

Uh, I thought it was cool.

Rick

I don’t give a fuck what you think, Jerry.

Int. Smith Residence. Summer is in her room, packing clothes into her backpack.

Morty [walks in]

Hey, uh Y-Y-Y-You doin’ okay? [she doesn’t answer] I-I-I kind of know how you feel, Summer.

Summer

No, you don’t. You’re the little brother. You’re not the cause of your parents’ misery. You’re just a symptom of it.

[Beat.]

Morty

Can I show you something?

Summer

Morty, no offense, but a drawing of me you made when you were 8 isn’t gonna make make me feel like less of an accident.

Morty

[pointing out the window] That, out there? That’s my grave.

Summer

Wait, what? [walks over to the window]

Morty

On one of our adventures, Rick and I basically destroyed the whole. World. So, we bailed on that reality, and we came to this one. Because in this one, the world wasn’t destroyed. And in this one, we were dead. So we came here, a-a-and we buried ourselves, and we took their place. And every morning, Summer, I eat breakfast 20 yards away from my own. Rotting. corpse.

Summer

So, you’re not my brother?

Morty

I’m better than your brother. I’m a version of your brother you can trust when he says, "Don’t run". Nobody exists on purpose, nobody belongs anywhere everybody’s gonna die. Come watch TV.

Int. Smith Residence. Rick and Jerry are sitting in the living room watching TV.

Announcer (on TV)

Mrs. Sullivan always planned to leave everything to her cats. But sometimes, plans need a helping paw. What are the kitties to do, but buckle together and work as a team.

Business Man (on TV)

Mrs. Sullivan, I uh, please forgive me for being forward, but your eyes are so beautiful!

Jerry

Wait, this is an actual movie?

Announcer (on TV)

This fall, sparks will fly!

Business Man (on TV) [having sex offscreen]

Mrs. --Ooh, Sullivan-- ohh…

Announcer (on TV)

Between one guy, who can’t get a break…

Business Man (on TV)

There’s something about you, Mrs. Sullivan.

Business Man (on TV)

…and 9 cats who break all the rules. Last Will and Testa-meow: Weekend at Dead Cat Lady’s House 2.

Jerry

Well, somebody in Hollywood just lost their job.

Announcer (on TV)

Written and directed by Jerry Smith.

Jerry

I wrote and directed that? What am I, nuts?

[Rick and Morty walk in and sit down]

Rick

Hey Morty, you just missed a preview for your Dad’s "Citizen Kane".

Morty

Doesn’t matter. [winks at Summer]

Jerry

Hey, if your, uh, mother and I had to split custody - who would you guys choose?

Summer: Doesn’t matter. [winks at Morty, giving him a fistbump]

Jerry: [defeated, quietly] Oh…

News Anchor (on TV): Breaking News: Academy Award-winning actor Jerry Smith is leading police on a slow-speed pursuit after suffering an apparent breakdown.

[Rick goes to change the channel]

Jerry: Don’t even think about it.

Rick: Come on, Je- Are you kidding me, Jerry? It’s just a bunch of dumb tabloid crap.

Jerry: [taking then remote] It’s my life, and we’re watching it.

Beth [sitting in the kitchen floor wearing the Ocular Device, drinking]

[to herself] You did it, Beth. You really nailed it. You’re a surgeon. A human surgeon. Yay you win. [sips wine]

Jerry: Where the hell am I going?

Rick: [belch] What are you asking me for Jerry? [belch] I’m sitting here [belch] trying to figure out why the cops don’t just take you out. Th-- [belch] they’ve got a clear shot to your head. I can’t believe our tax dollars pay for this.

Beth (on Device): [doorbell rings] [answers door] Jerry? J-Jerry Smith?

[Beth drops her wine]

Jerry (on Device): Beth Sanchez, I have been in love with you since high school. I hate acting, I hate cocaine, I hate Kristen Stewart. I wish you hadn’t gotten that abortion, and I’ve never stopped thinking about what might’ve been.

[Beth starts crying and goes to the living room. She drops the device and runs to Jerry, embracing and kissing him]

Rick: [rolls his eyes and takes the remote]

[to Morty and Summer] Hey, Ball Fondlers? Huh? Ball Fondlers?

Summer: Yeah, I could go for some Ball Fondlers.

Morty: Yeah, Ball Fondlers.

After-Credit Scene

Int. Smith Residence. The Smith Family and Rick are sitting in the living room watching TV.

Hamster News Anchor (on TV): Ha-ha, Hamster-in-Butt-World Weather is done, and now it’s sports time, coming up.

Female Hamster (on TV): Oh, hello there!

Male Hamster (on TV): Good day to you, Miss.

Beth: So, the hamsters live inside the rectums of those people?

Rick: [tired] Yeah, sweetie, they-- that’s where they live.

Jerry: Well, how does that work? I mean, do the butts look like little apartments inside?

Morty: Yeah! And can they like, leave the butt, and like walk around on their own?

Rick [getting angry] Look, I don’t know! I’m watching the-- same thing you guys are.

Summer: Grandpa Rick, if they leave the butt, and the person wanders off, how would they find their butt person again?

Rick: [angry] I don’t know, Summer! I can’t even hear the TV! [stands up, drawing his Portal Gun] All right, that’s it. We’re just gonna go there, so you idiots can ask your stupid questions all day.

Jerry: Ooh! Family vacation!

Transcripts Wiki
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY
 FANDOM
GAMES
MOVIES
TV
VIDEO
WIKIS
START A WIKI
Transcripts Wiki
25,352
PAGES
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY

in: Rick and Morty Transcripts
Something Ricked This Way Comes
VIEW SOURCE
Plot
[Open: Smith kitchen, int. Rick, Jerry, Beth are eating breakfast. Rick is building a robot at the table. Jerry is playing Jerry’s Game]

(Rick starts welding. The bulk of the sparks fly towards Jerry, who turns away to dodge the bulk of them. Morty enters the room)

Morty Smith: Hey Rick, I have to make a project for the science fair this weekend. You think you could help me out?

Rick Sanchez: Whatever.

Jerry: Well, um, traditionally science fairs are a father-son thing.

Rick: Well, scientifically, traditions are an idiot thing.

Beth: [typing on phone] Morty, I think it will be fun for you to work on a science project with your dad.

(Beth sends Morty a text saying “Your father is insecure about his intelligence” which Morty reads)

Morty: [putting away phone, clears throat] Yeah, dad, why don’t we do it together?

Jerry: Yes! You backed the right horse on this one, son! We’ll get out the crayons, brew some coffee and knock this thing out in two or three days.

[Rick finishes the robot he was working on]

Butter robot: What is my purpose?

Rick: Pass the butter.

(Butter robot passes butter)

Rick: Thank you.

Morty: [sighs]

(Summer enters)

Summer: Dad, I need a ride to work.

Jerry: Maybe Rick can give you a ride. I’m helping Morty with science.

Rick: I’m busy.

Summer: Doing what?

Rick: Uh, anything else?

(Summer glares at Rick. Rick glares back)

Butter robot: What is my purpose?

Rick: You pass butter.

Butter robot: Oh my god.

Rick: Yeah, welcome to the club, pal.

[into plays]

[Rick and Summer are in Rick’s spaceship. Rick’s driving, Summer’s in the passenger seat]

Rick: Since when did you have a job?

Summer: Since last week. It’s part time at this little vintage thrift store. My boss is this really smart eccentric old man that treats me nice and values me.

Rick: Wee-ow, can’t wait to meet this fascinating character.

Summer: Please don’t.

[Trans. Summer’s workplace, Needful Things. It’s empty except for Mr Needful, who’s arranging his wares. Mr Goldenfold enters]

Goldenfold: Oh… when did this stop being jamba juice?

Needful: I’ve just recently opened for business, Mr, um, Goldenfold.

Goldenfold: You know my name? That’s disarming.

Needful: I also know you long for female company.

Goldenfold: You know, it has been lonely since the divorce. Some voids can’t be filled with jamba juice.

Needful: This aftershave makes a man quite irresistible to women. Free of charge: one never pays here. Not with money.

Goldenfold: Nothing to read into there! Thanks!

(Goldenfold takes the aftershave and leaves. Rick and Summer enter)

Summer: Sorry I’m late, Mr. Needful. This is my grandpa Rick, he was just leaving.

Rick: (inspecting objects) Huh.

Needful: Tell me Rick, what do you desire?

Rick: Eh, I make my own stuff. So what are you, like, the devil?

Needful: What? Sorry?

Rick: I dunno, store comes out of nowhere, all the shit’s old and creepy; are you the devil? A demon? Leprechaun?

Summer: Grandpa Rick!

Rick: Hey, I’m not judging. I just like to shoot straight. I’m a man of science.

Needful: Ahah. Then perhaps you could make use of this. [picks up microscope] This microscope reveals things beyond comprehension. Hahahaha.

Rick: Hahahahaha.

(The two continue laughing, each getting louder as they try to outdo each other)

Summer: Grandpa, go home and drink!

(Rick snatches the microscope from Mr. Needful and leaves)

[Trans. Int. Smith living room. Morty and Jerry are on the floor surrounded by art supplies]

Jerry: Why don’t we do a model of the solar system? That’s what my dad did with me when I was your age.

Morty: Oh. Ok.

Jerry: You know, Rick’s in his lab making cyborgs and wormholes and all that weird stuff, but this is real science! A man and his boy, making planets! Hey, how ‘bout we use a ping-pong ball for Pluto, and then Jupiter-

Morty: Uh, actually, I don’t think Pluto’s a planet.

Jerry: [laughing] Of course Pluto’s a planet, son, I learned that in the third grade.

Morty: Well, yeah, but, you know, they changed it.

Jerry: Morty, nobody changed the planets.

Morty: I just googled it. Uh, Pluto’s not a planet. They changed it in 2006.

Jerry: Yeah, I heard about that, Morty. And I disagree.

Morty: You… disagree?

Jerry: That’s right. It’s possible to disagree in science, Morty. Pluto was a planet, some committee of fancy assholes disagree, I disagreed back. Gimmie a ping-pong ball.

Morty: Um, ok, I just have to-

Jerry: Go find Rick and go for my head about Pluto?

Morty: Gee-no! Geez! I just gotta go to the bathroom! Dayum!

Jerry: Oh. [coughs] Okay good. This is gonna be fun!

[Trans. Int. garage. Rick’s building a contraption, connected to a laptop and pointing towards the microscope he got from Mr. Needful. Morty walks past to get to the bathroom, but Rick interrupts him before he can get there]

Rick: Hey, Morty, lemme ask you a question real quick. Does evil exist, and if so, can one detect and measure it?

Morty: Um…

Rick: Rhetorical question Morty. The answer is yes, you just have to be a genius.

(The machine scans the microscope. A bar on the laptop marked “IQ” drops to close to 0)

Rick: Your sister’s boss gave me a microscope that would have made me retarded.

Morty: Ooh, oh boy Rick, I don’t think you’re allowed to say that word, you know?

Rick: Uh, Morty, I’m not disparaging the differently abled. I’m stating the fact that if I had used this microscope, it would have made me mentally retarded.

Morty: Okay, yeah, but I don’t think it’s about logic, Rick. I think the word’s just become a symbolic issue for powerful groups that feel like they’re doing the right thing.

Rick: Well that’s retarded.

(Jerry lifts up the garage door)

Jerry: What are you guys talking about?

Rick: Apparently nothing.

Jerry: You asked him if Pluto’s a planet, didn’t you?

Morty: No!

Rick: It’s not.

Jerry: Shut up, Rick.

Rick: Whoa.

Jerry: I don’t care what anyone says. If it can be a planet, it can be a planet again. Planet. Planet planet planet.

(Jerry leaves angrily)

Rick: Stay scientific, Jerry.

[Trans. Needful Things, ext. Mr Goldenfold enters the shop, followed by several women. Shot changes to interior. Mr Needful is at the counter, Summer is dusting. Several customers are shopping]

Goldenfold: This aftershave made women want me but it also made me impotent!

Needful: A price for everything, Mr. Goldenfold. A price… for everything! Muahahahaha!

Goldenfold: (crying) Oh my god! How can I not see this coming? My lust! My greed! I deserve thi-

(Rick enters, kneels down and injects a serum into Goldenfold’s neck)

Rick: This serum should counteract the negative effects.

Goldenfold: [looking into own pants] Holy cats! Ladies, let’s get out of here.

[Goldenfold and co. leave]

Goldenfold (outside): I haven’t learned a thing!

Rick: [giving back microscope] Here. You can have this back.

Needful: You didn’t use it?

Rick: Sure I did. To develop this. It detects and catalogues all your Twilight Zone Ray Bradbury Friday the 13th of series voodoo crap magic. I thought you might want it so you didn’t accidentally sell anybody, say, [scans] a typewriter that generates best-selling murder mysteries, then makes the murders happen in real life? Oooh.

Needful: Be quiet!

Rick: Don’t you want to make sure people know what they’re getting? You’re not intentionally selling [scans] beauty cream that makes ugly ladies pretty but also makes them blind?

(A customer looking at beauty cream leaves in a hurry)

Needful: I find this all quite preposterous!

Rick: Oh, I say, good sir! Oh, harrumph, oh, oh, bobba-doppa-doopa-bo-bo. [scans animal fur scarf being tried on by customer] That’s beautiful, you know it’s going to be wearing you in three hours?

(The customer rushes out. All other customers leave too)

Needful: Do I need to call the police?

Rick: Here, you can use my phone. Don’t worry, it won’t make you deaf because I’m not a hack.

(Mr. Needful slaps the phone out of Rick’s hand. Rick slaps Mr. Needful’s hat off his head)

Summer: Hey! No! Ugh!

(The two start slapping each other. Summer’s protests punctuate the fight)

Rick: Think you’re so great?

Summer: Stop it!

(Summer gets between the two)

Summer: No! Stop! Hey, hey! Stop it right now!

(She pushes them away from each other)

Summer: Grandpa Rick, I like working here!

Rick: You work for the devil!

Summer: So what?

Rick & Needful: So what?

Summer: Yes, so what if he’s the devil, Rick? At least the devil has a job. At least he’s active in the community. What do you do? You eat our food, and make gadgets. Buh bye.

(Summer guides Rick out. On the way, Rick purposely knocks over a vase and slams the door. A ghost flies out and into the ceiling with a cackle)

Rick: Whoops.

Summer: I’m sorry Mr. Needful, I’ll clean that up. I don’t know what I can do about the ghost lady that came out of it, but…

Needful: It’s fine. Summer, you know your grandfather’s right. This store curses people. That’s my business.

Summer: Well, yeah, fast food gives people diabetes and clothing stores have sweatshops. Is there a company hiring teenagers that isn’t evil? This is my first job. You’ve been nice to me, Mr. Needful. You respect me.

Needful: Please, call me the devil.

Summer: I’d rather not, actually.

Needful: Yes, perhaps not during business hours.

[Trans. Smith living room. Morty’s painting planets, Jerry’s on the phone]

Jerry: I told you, I want to file a declaration that Pluto is a planet! … Well, then my son’s going to fail his science class, and when that happens, I’m suing you first! [hangs up] I think I know what the A in NASA stands for.

Morty: Dad, what’s your endgame?

Jerry: Ain’t no game, sucka.

Morty: Why don’t we just make the solar system with eight planets? It’s even easier!

Jerry: Sure, sure, and why don’t we just burn Galileo at the stake for saying the sun is round? Science isn’t always easy, Morty!

(The house starts shaking. Jerry, Morty and the art supplies start flying)

Jerry & Morty: Whoa, whoa! Whoa!

Jerry: What the hell?

(The two fly through the roof. A tractor beam from an alien spacecraft has abducted them)

[Trans. City in Pluto, ext]

[Trans. Plutonian building. The spaceship lands in front of the door and a ramp appears, leading Jerry and Morty downwards. King Flippynips approaches, being carried by four other plutonians]

Flippynips: I’m King Flippynips, ruler of Pluto!

(Flippynips is let down)

Flippynips: We discovered you quite by accident during routine surveillance of your world. You really gave it to those guys at NASA!

Jerry: I was… you know… sometimes science is about conviction.

Flippynips: I’d like to introduce you to a few people that very much agree with you.

Jerry: Oh. I…

(Flippynips leads Jerry and Morty to a balcony overlooking millions of Plutonians, all cheering. Flippynips speaks into a microphone)

Flippynips: Plutonians! Jerry Smith is a scientist from Earth where he’s creating a model of our solar system! Jerry, tell Pluto about your decision!

Jerry: Pluto… is a planet.

Flippynips: Pluto’s a fucking planet, bitch!

Morty: [to himself] Oh man, this is definitely gonna go to his head.

[Trans. Needful things. Mr. Needful is at the counter, serving principal Vagina. Summer is working]

Needful: If it’s athletic prowess you desire, principal Vagina, I might-

Vagina: [taking ball] I’ll take it!
Needful: But I haven’t even-
Vagina: Thank you very very much, great store, great place, bye.
(Principal Vagina leaves)
Needful: Huh. Okay. I must say, Summer, I thought your grandfather’s outburst would have disrupted business, but this is the best weekend I’ve had since Salem!
Summer: Nice! Wholesome delight for lunch?
Needful: Is that the vegan place?
Summer: Yeah, I love their soup.
Needful: I’m kind of souped out.
(A customer enters the store)
Needful: Mrs. Tate, is it? What do you desire?
(She takes an armful of goods and makes to leave)
Needful: Whoa, whoa, slow down, honey!
Tate: Oh, is there a limit? Everything’s free, right?
Summer: Let’s just say… you don’t pay with money. [laughing]
Needful: [laughing] That was perfect.
Tate: You pay with the curses, right?
Needful: Um, I… well-
(She opens the door to leave)
Needful: But Mrs. Tate! Why do you want cursed items?
Tate: Well, I’m going to get the curses removed. At curse purge plus. You know, the guy on TV?
(She points at the TV and leaves. Rick’s on. Mr. Needful turns up the volume)
Needful: What?
Rick (TV): Have you acquired creepy, specific old stuff from an antique or thrift store that grants you powers but fucks with you in unforeseeable ways? Bring it to Curse Purge Plus! I use science to uncurse the items for cash, and you get to keep the powers! This guy got mysterious sneakers to make him run faster! But guess what? He would have had to run until he died, making them worthless. I removed the curse, making them worth, like, I dunno, eight million dollars? See ya at the olympics. This eerily intelligent doll was threatening to murder its family. Now it does their taxes.
Baby (TV): Everything’s deductible.
Rick (TV): Don’t pay for cool stuff with your soul. Pay for it with money. You know, like how every other store in the world works? We’re located at First and Main in old town. Come on, come on down.
Needful: First… and…
Rick (TV): Wubba… lubba… dub dub!
(Mr Needful looks outside and pulls up the blind. Curse Purge Plus is opposite Needful Things. Rick’s flipping them the bird)
Rick (Outside): Wubba lubba dub dub!
Rick (TV): That’s right across the street from Needful Things, where you can get evil items for free!
Needful: Diabolical son of a mother-
(The door opens and customers rush in, looting the place)
[Trans. Pluto. Jerry’s being recorded for a talk show. Morty’s watching]
Hostess: We’re back on Good Morning Pluto, and a very good morning it is for our guest, Earth scientist Jerry Smith, who is making headlines with his bold announcement that is, what Jerry?
Jerry: Pluto is a planet.
Host: [laughing] How about that?
Hostess: Wow. I love it!
(Scroopy Noopers enters from behind Morty)
Scroopy Noopers: Morty Smith. I’m Scroopy Noopers. I’m a scientist. Can I show you something?
Morty: Uh… I’d better not.
Scroopy Noopers: [pulling out a gun] Right now.
[Trans. Plutonian mines. Scroopy Noopers takes Morty for a tour. Machines pump glowing blue rocks to the surface]
Scroopy Noopers: The centre of Pluto, Mr. Smith, is made up of a substance called plutonium. Mines like these suck Plutonium up to the cities, where corporations use it to power everything, from diamond cars to golden showers. And the more we remove, the more Pluto shrinks.
(The planet shakes)
Scroopy Noopers: There it goes again. Just shrank a little. But a few years ago, your scientists had noticed Pluto had gotten so small they couldn’t even call it a planet any more. Should have been our wake up call. But the rich plutonians won’t wake up. And they love your dad telling everyone Pluto’s a planet, because that means they can keep mining until Pluto goes from planet to asteroid to meteor, and finally, poof. [At the last word, he blows a handful of blue dust into the air]
Morty: Um… A party?
Scroopy Noopers: Is everyone in your family an idiot?
Morty: For sure me and my dad are.
Scroopy Noopers: [sigh] Well, all you have to do is get him to admit that, and you could save four billion lives.
Morty: Uh, yeah, you know, the thing is… my dad’s really insecure.
[Trans. Needful things. The store is empty except for Summer, who’s cleaning up, and Mr. Needful, who’s in the back out of view. The shelves are all empty. Summer spots a monkey paw on the floor and picks it up]
Summer: Hm, funny. Mr Needful, out of everything in the store you’ll never guess what we couldn’t get rid of!
(She opens the door to the back room and sees that Mr Needful has hung himself)
Summer: Ah! Oh my god!
(She tries to pull him down. When that fails she pushes at a desk in the corner to try and move it under him, also unsuccessfully)
Summer: Oh my god. (using monkey paw) I wish this desk was lighter!
(One of the paw’s three fingers goes down. She easily pushes the desk under Mr Needful and struggles to untie the noose)
Summer: (using monkey paw) I wish this knot was looser!
(The second finger goes down. The noose comes undone easily and she rushes over and tries to perform CPR, though she doesn’t know how)
Summer: Come on! I don’t… Augh! Wait! What am I doing? (using monkey paw) I wish I knew CPR!
(The third finger goes down. Summer performs CPR)
Summer: One, two, three! One, two, three!
(Mr Needful splutters and regains consciousness)
Needful: [coughing] Ugh, Jesus. What a waste of a monkey paw.
Summer: Mr. Needful! How could you even think of doing something so horrible?
Needful: I’m the devil. What should I do when I fail, give myself an ice-cream?
Summer: You haven’t failed.
Needful: People like Rick are making me obsolete. I mean seriously, I may be the devil but your grandpa is the devil! I just want to go back to hell where everybody thinks I’m smart and funny.
Summer: No! It’s not fair. Everyone in this town got something they wanted from you, even Rick! I was your only friend, and I get nothing?
Needful: Okay, I’ll give you one thing. Name it.
Summer: I wanna help you.
Needful: Clever twist.
Summer: I learned from the best, you old fart. Now let’s go get you hydrated.
[Trans. Curse Purge Plus, int. Customers are bringing up their items to be scanned and treated]
Rick: Looks like we’ve got… haunted boxing gloves that will make you the heavyweight champion, in 1936 and then you’ll be trapped there winning the same fight for eternity. I can take out the eternity, and the padding, and then you’ll have some time travelling mittens.
(Summer enters with a box of items)
Rick: Oh, look, it’s Rosemary’s baby! How’s business?
Summer: Here’s the last of our inventory. We’re going to file chapter 11 and do some restructuring.
Rick: Sounds like code for ‘You win, Rick!’
Summer: That was important to you, wasn’t it?
Rick: Nope, it was important to your dumb devil friend. To me this was all just a bit like when Bugs Bunny fucks with the opera singer for twenty minutes.
Summer: He tried to kill himself.
Rick: Seriously? Holy crap. Holy crap.
Summer: But you know what, grandpa Rick? He’s strong. And he’s never going to give up.
Rick: Uh huh, yeah, I don’t care.
Summer: Oh, I know. Everyone knows you don’t care.
Rick: So?
Summer: So… have fun not caring.
Rick: I always do.
Summer: Good.
Rick: Yeah, it is good. It’s the best.
Summer: I’m sure it is. Bye.
Rick: Later!
(Summer leaves)
Customer: I’m here to pick up my undead cat and child.
Rick: Yeah, uh, gimmie a sec.
Employee: These are the forms for the employee health plan.
Rick: Alright, yeah, uh, put ‘em on my… eh.
(He pours gasoline on the floor and sets it on fire)
Rick: I just got bored. Everybody out.
[Trans. Pluto. Morty and Jerry are in suits in the passenger seats of an alien car. Jerry is fussing over his appearance in a small mirror)
Jerry: Alright, just one more rally, then I promise, we’ll get back to your science project.
Morty: Dad, Pluto isn’t a planet! It’s shrinking because of corporations!
Jerry: Yeah, that’s what that anti-planet nutjob Scroopy Noopers was screaming about outside the Ministry of Moneys fundraiser. Are you telling me four billion plutonians are wrong?
Morty: You told me science wasn’t easy!
Jerry: I said science isn’t always easy, obviously that means sometimes it is easy. Let’s not debase ourselves with word games, son.
Morty: Dad, their whole planet is dying!
Jerry: Hah! You called it a planet! Checkmate.
(The car parks and Jerry gets out, to fanfare)
Jerry: What’s up, Pluto?
[Trans. Plutonian ball. Music is playing. Jerry is being treated like a celebrity. He’s approached by a plutonian woman and man]
Plutonian woman: Mr. Smith, please! Tell my friend here what you just told me, go on.
Jerry: My Very Eager Mother Just Served Us Nine Pickles, and the pickles is Pluto.
(The plutonian man does a spit take)
Plutonian man: My god! The man’s a genius!
Morty: Um, excuse me? [taps champagne glass with spoon]
Jerry: Morty, what?
Morty: Dad, what did you think about the recent report published by the Pluto Science Reader, linking plutoquakes, sinkholes and surface shrinkage to deep core plutonium drilling?
Jerry: ...Well son, what did you think when you were five, and you pooped your pants, and you threw your poopy undies out your bedroom window because you thought it was like throwing something in the garbage?
Plutonians: [laughing]
Jerry: I mean, I’m trimming the hedges and these things are just hanging there, was I supposed to think the poop bunny left them?
Morty: Good one, dad.
(Morty leaves)
[Trans. Smith house, int. Rick’s home alone, looking into various rooms]
Rick: [looks into Morty’s room] Hey Morty, you wanna go on a- oh. [goes into kitchen] Hey Beth? Hello? [Goes into living room] Hey Jerry, you in here being stupid? [sighs]
(Rick eats dinner at the table alone. The butter robot deposits an entire block of butter into Rick’s dinner without being asked. Rick throws the butter away)
Rick: Thanks. Hey, y’know, I was thinking I might watch a movie…
Butter robot: I am not programmed for friendship.
Rick: Suit yourself.
[Morty lands and comes back in. Rick pretends not to be too happy about it]
Rick: Hey! [clears throat] Hey. What’s going on?
Morty: Um… listen, can you help me do this stupid science fair project?
Rick: Whatever.
[Trans. Pluto. Jerry is preparing for another rally with King Flippynips]
Flippynips: Jerry, you must be so excited! The Plutobell Prize is the highest honour a scientist can receive!
Jerry: I’m flattered, and humbled.
Flippynips: Ooh, I like that. Use that in your speech. Also, talk about Pluto being a planet, people like that.
Policeman: Your highness! We’ve captured Scroopy Noopers!
(Scroopy Noopers is dragged in with his hands behind his back by two policemen)
Scroopy Noopers: You animals! Animals!
Flippynips: Ooh, look whose little journey’s come to an end! Take him to Plutonimo Bay!
Scroopy Noopers: You can’t kill the truth, father!
Jerry: What?
Flippynips: I can see you’re confused. Plutonimo bay is a military prison, a sort of play on words-
Jerry: Did he call you father? Scroopy Noopers, the anti-planet nutjob is your son?
Flippynips: The young eat the old if you let them, Jerry. Pluto is a cold, cold celestial dwarf.
Jerry: It’s a what?
Flippynips: Huh? Oh- planet! Hah! Hoh, Pluto is a cold cold planet! That’s what I meant. Knock ‘em dead out there, you. [sips champagne]
[Trans. Award ceremony. Jerry is giving his acceptance speech]
Jerry: Pluto is…
(He looks down at the card, which just says “Pluto = planet.” In the crowd is a young Plutonian who strongly resembles Morty. Jerry tears up)
Jerry: [sigh] Not a planet.
Crowd: Boo! [throws things]
Jerry: Ow! It’s not a planet! Hey! It’s not a planet! I’m an idiot, and I love my son!
(Jerry is forcefully dragged away)
[Trans. N33dful.com launch meeting. Summer and Mr Needful are standing in front of a screen saying “n3”]
Needful: It’s been a long six hours, but we’ve overhauled Needful Things into the globally compliant, web 4.0 e-nomenon, n33dful.com! Spelled with 3s instead of Es.
Crowd: Woot! Yeah! Woot! Excited!
Needful: Okay, that’s it! We just got bought by Google!
Crowd: Yeah!
(Summer hugs Mr. Needful)
Summer: Mmh! I’m so proud of you, Lucius. So… how much did we make?
Needful: Haha. ‘We.’ [pushes Summer away] This is my business! Security!
(Security comes and takes Summer away)
Summer: Ah! You’re Zuckerberging me?
Needful: I was Zuckerberging people before Zuckerberg’s balls dropped. I’m the devil, beeyotch! What what!
(He jumps on the table and plays the fiddle)
[Trans. Smith house, ext. Jerry is dropped unceremoniously on the ground. His suit is torn, he has a black eye and an injured leg]
Jerry: Hey!
(He flips off the spaceship and limps inside to Morty’s room. Morty’s pants are off, but his pubic area is hidden by a laptop)
Jerry: Hey Morty.
Morty: Oh! Hey dad! [closes laptop] Um… What are you doing back from Pluto so quick?
Jerry: Ah, some people just can’t handle the truth. Especially dummies like me. Morty, I’m not as smart as your grandpa Rick, but I promise never to make that your problem again.
Morty: Hey, dad? Nobody’s smarter than Rick. But nobody else is my dad. You’re a genius at that.
Jerry: Wow… that’s humbling… and flattering, son. Thank you. What say we finish ourselves an 8-planet solar system?
Morty: Um… I’m just going to take this thing in and… get an A. [Holds up butter robot]
Butter robot: Butter.
Jerry: But-
Morty: You’re a genius at being my dad, dad. Quit while you’re ahead. And also, knock next time, you know? I mean, I’m sitting in here, I’m 14! I got a computer in here, you know!
Jerry: Oh. I uh- I think I underst-
Morty: You know you’re really playing with fire when you burst in here like that, man.
Jerry: I get it! Say no more.
Morty: I mean, one of these days, you know, you’re gonna, you’re gonna end up seeing something-
Jerry: I got it! Noted! Goodnight!
[Trans. Living room. The lights are off. Rick’s watching Ball Fondlers. Summer comes in with mascara smears down her face, as if she’s been crying. She turns on the light]
Rick: How’s your pretend grandpa doing AKA the devil?
Summer: He dumped me.
Rick: Oof, sorry.
(Summer makes her way to the couch and sits down, and wipes the mascara off her face. Rick makes room)
Summer: Did we learn a lesson here I’m not seeing?
Rick: Hm, not sure.
Summer: Maybe in a much bigger way, Mr. Needful gave us both what we really wanted? Because I was always jealous of you hanging out with Morty and you didn’t realise how much you valued my approval?
Rick: No, that’s dumb.
Summer: Nah, not satisfying.
Rick: I’ll tell you what though, if it’s satisfaction you’re after, I think I might have an idea. [whispers]
Summer: [listening] Uh huh… uh huh… uh huh totally let’s do it!
[X Gon’ Give It To Ya by DMX starts playing. Summer and Rick have a montage of them doing normal family bonding activities, such as weightlifting and doing steroids together. As the song progresses they get more buff. The music stops]
[Trans. Mr Needful giving a speech]
Needful: And that’s how I took my storefront into the forefront of the upfront! Thank you Seattle!
(The audience applauds. Summer and Rick break down the back of the stage and start beating up Mr. Needful. The audience stops applauding and someone screams)
Needful: Rick? Summer?
Rick: Stupid mother-
Summer: Stupid bitch!
Rick: Stupid motherfucker!
Summer: Get some!
Rick: How do you like that! Augh! How do you like that?
(Mr. Needful is thrown onto the ground. He has a black eye, a few bruises and seems to be injured. Rick and Summer look down at him from above)
Needful: Ugh… Why?
Summer: (lifting Mr. Needful by the neck of his shirt) Because sometimes what you really need is for someone else to pay a horrible price.
(She drops him and lifts her fist as if to punch again. Mr. Needful cowers. Summer spits on him)
[Trans. Outside a coffee shop. Rick and Summer are both drinking coffee]
Rick: We did it!
Summer: Haha, yeah bro. Yeah! Haha!
Rick: Was totally worth it! We did it, hahaha! We just pulled it off!
Summer: Yeah bro!
Rick: Hahaha!

Summer: Yeah.

[Credits]

[Post credits scene: X Gon’ Give It To Ya starts playing. Rick and Summer beat up a nazi wearing suspenders, a schoolyard bully, a man holding a “God hates fags!” sign and a man walking his dog who yanks its collar hard when it tries to stop]

[End]
Transcripts Wiki
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY
 FANDOM
GAMES
MOVIES
TV
VIDEO
WIKIS
START A WIKI

ADVERTISEMENT
Transcripts Wiki
25,352
PAGES
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY

in: Rick and Morty Transcripts
Close Rick-counters of the Rick Kind
VIEW SOURCE
Plot
[The Smith family is seen sitting around the table eating breakfast. The viewer at this point doesn’t know that this scene is set in a dimension that is not Dimension C-137 with a different Smith family, but this will be apparent at the end of the scene.]

Beth: So dad, guess what tomorrow is…

Rick: Martin Luther King Jr.’s birthday.

Beth: No… well, it might be…

Rick: It is.

Beth: Fine, but also, tomorrow is your 1 year anniversary back in our lives. I’m gonna make you flying saucer-shaped pancakes.

Rick: Oh, there’s no need to do that, Beth. Regular pancakes are fine.

(A portal appears on their wall and Evil Rick and Evil Morty emerge from it carrying a gun and a tranquilizer respectively. Evil Rick shoots Rick in the head and kills him. Evil Morty shoots Morty in the shoulder with his tranquilizer and he passes out. Evil Morty then drags Morty across the breakfast table and he and Evil Rick drag Morty through the portal, and the portal disappears. The family screams in horror the entire time.)

[Opening sequence plays]

(The Smith family is seen sitting around the table eating breakfast. This scene takes place in Dimension C-137)

Beth: Happy anniversary, dad!

Rick: Oh, I get it. Regular pancakes are already shaped like flying saucers. [takes bite] Mmm, I should be making you breakfast for putting up with me.

Jerry: Should be making us a whole restaurant.

Beth: Nonsense, we couldn’t be happier to have you around. I just wish I got to see more of you.

(Three armed Ricks come into the room through a portal)

Alternative Rick 1: Rick Sanchez of Earth dimension C-137. You are under arrest for crimes against alternate Ricks by the authority of the trans-dimensional council of Ricks.

Jerry: Hey! What the heck?

Alternative Rick 1: Neutralize the Jerry.

Jerry: Wait, no!

(Rick 2 shoots at Jerry, freezing him)

Summer: Dad!

Beth: Dad!

Morty: Rick!

Rick (C-137): Everybody relax. If I know these a-holes, and I am these a-holes, they just wanna haul me to their stupid clubhouse and waste my time with a bunch of questions. Let’s get it over with.

Alternative Rick 1: Bring his Mo-[belches]-orty.

Morty: Oh, man.

Rick (C-137): Leave my [belches] Morty out of this!

Alternative Rick 1: You lost the right to have a say in these things when you refused to join [belches] the council.

Beth: Wait, wh-wh-wh-what about Jerry?

Rick (C-137): Will you at least unfreeze my daughter’s idiot?

(Rick 1 unfreezes Jerry. Rick 2 and Rick 3 take Rick through the portal and all exit)

Jerry: -give you anything! I have a rare antique coin collection, just don’t hurt me! [pauses] Okay, maybe not antique, but it was a limited minting. They have little R2D2s instead of George Washingtons.

Beth: Our son’s been abducted!

Jerry: You hate me for buying those coins!

[Trans. Ext Citadel of Ricks]

[Trans. Int Citadel of Ricks. The three armed Ricks and C-137 Rick and Morty enter through a portal]

Morty (C-137): Geez, Rick! Wh-what is this place?

Rick (C-137): The citadel of Ricks. It’s the secret headquarters for the council of Ricks.

Morty (C-137): Council of Ricks?

Rick (C-137): As you know, Morty, I’ve got a lotta enemies in the universe that consider my genius a threat. Galactic terrorists, a few sub-galactic dictators, most of the entire intergalactic government: wh-wherever you find people with heads up their asses someone wants a piece of your grandpa. And a lot of versions of me on different timelines had the same problem. So a few thousand versions of me had the INGENIOUS IDEA OF BANDING TOGETHER like a herd of cattle or a school of fish or those people who answer questions on yahoo answers.

Morty (C-137): Hey, what do you know? It’s a cowboy version of me!

Rick (C-137): Geez, you’re easy to impress. Yeah, most timelines have a Rick and most Ricks have a Morty. This place is a real who’s-who of who’s you and me.

Rick Salesman 1: Turn your boring old Morty into a hot fashion statement, with some Morty dazzlers!

Rick Salesman 2: Hey, check this out!

(Rick Salesman 2 holds up a Morty doll and presses a button in the middle)

Morty Doll: Show me the Morty!

Rick (C-137): Dumb.

Rick Salseman 3: ‘Scuse me, sir, is your Morty insured? You know, every year hundreds of Mortys are injured in-

Rick (C-137): Back off! Not my cup of tea, this place.

[Trans. Hallway leading to the Council]

Rick (C-137): I say the point of being a Rick is being a Rick.

Alternative Rick 1: Save your anti-Rick speech for the council of Ricks, terror-Rick!

Rick (C-137): Hey, save your Rick rules for the [belches] sheep-Ricks, Rick-pig!

Alternative Rick 1: *ck me, pal.

Rick (C-137): *ck you? No no no no no, *ck me!

(They reach the end of the hallway and the door opens automatically, revealing the council of Ricks)

Riq IV: Bring up the holograms!

(A screen depicting several dead Ricks appears)

Riq IV: 27 Ricks brutally murdered in their own timelines. An unprecedented Rick-icidal epidemic. What say you, Earth Rick C-137?

Rick (C-137): You think I did this? Why am I the first Rick you pull in every time a Rick stubs his toe?

Riq IV: You [belches] have a history of non-cooperation with the council.

Rick (C-137): Yeah, so does the scientist formerly known as Rick! Wh-wh-wh-why isn’t he here in handcuffs?

Riq IV: Because he’s dead too!

Rick crowd: No!

Riq IV: Who else would you have us question? You fit the profile. Of all the Ricks in the central finite curve, you’re the malcontent. The rogue.

Rick (C-137): I’m the Rick. And so were the rest of you before you formed this stupid alliance. You wanted to be safe from the government so you became a stupid government. That makes every Rick here less Rick than me.

Rick crowd: (Can you believe this guy? This guy needs to get out of here, etc. Ad lib)

Rick (C-137): Yeah, murmur it up, d-bags. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got pancakes back home with syrup on top of them. They’re about to hit that critical point of syrup absorption that turns the cakes into a gross paste. And I hate to get all Andy Rooney about it, but I think we all like fluffy discs of cake with syrup on top! And I think we also like to be accused of crimes when there’s evidence! So as they say in Canada, peace oot!

Riq IV: Evidence? Good idea. Scan his portal gun!

(Rick 1 reaches into C-137’s lab coat and retrieves his portal gun)

Rick (C-137): Oh, come on. Don’t look at another man’s portal gun history. We-we all go to weird places.

Riq IV: Yes, but it appears you alone have been going to the exact timelines and locations in which the murders occured!

(A diagram appears on the screen, displaying C-137’s portal gun history. Entries for certain dimensions flash green before it finally settles on a select few which flash red)

Rick (C-137): What? That’s Rick-diculous. I’m obviously being set up!

Riq IV: Earth Rick C-137! The council of Ricks sentences you to the machine of unspeakable doom, which swaps your conscious and unconscious minds, rendering your fantasies pointless while everything you know becomes impossible to grasp. Also every ten seconds it stabs your balls.

Rick (C-137): I’ve heard enough.

(C-137 elbows Rick 1 and tackles him into Rick 2, taking his gun and shooting through his own and then Morty’s handcuffs. The two run away)

Rick (C-137): Run, Morty!

(A Morty from the crowd starts to run too)

Crowd rick: Uh uh, not you!

[Trans. back to corridor. Rick and Morty (C-137) are running, and are being chased by Ricks]

Morty (C-137): Aaaaah!

(Rick shoots into the side walls with his portal gun. As the chasing Ricks pass, several of them get set on fire, attacked by insects, dragged into the portals by tentacles or hit by falling pumpkins)

Armed Rick 1: Nooo!
Armed Rick 2: Arrrrgh! Ahhhh!
Armed Rick 3: Aaaah!
Armed Ricks 4 and 5: Oof!

(The two reach the end of the corridor, which cuts off to a moveable ramp which is currently down and is blocked by a railing. They leap over. As they fall, Rick C-137 shoots a portal beneath them which they then fall through)

[Trans. Buttworld. Rick and Morty C-137 fall through a portal onto a large butt mountain. They bounce off and continue running]

Morty (C-137): Oh! Oooh!

(Rick C-137 shoots a portal in between two buttcheeks, which they run through, with the other Ricks in hot pursuit)

[Trans. Pizza dimension. A pizza sits on a couch dialing on a phone, while another is lying down on another couch)
Pizza 1: Yeah, I’d like to order one large person with extra people please.
Pizza 2: White people. No no no no no, black people. And hispanic on half.

(C-137 Rick and Morty run out of a portal and shoot another portal onto the opposite wall, then run through. The Ricks and Mortys chasing them follow)

[Trans. Greasy grandma world. The dimension is full of greasy grandmas. A banner says “Welcome to greasy grandma world. Population: A whole lot, sonny!”]

(C-137 Rick and Morty run through, avoiding the grandmas as much as possible. They shoot another portal in the wall and run through. The Ricks and Mortys chasing them follow)

[Trans. Phone dimension. A phone sits on a pizza dialing on a person, while another is lying down on another pizza]
Phone 1: Yes, I’d like to order one large sofa chair with extra chair please.
Phone 2: High chair. No no no no no, recliner! And wheelchair on half.

(C-137 Rick and Morty run out of a portal and shoot another portal onto the opposite wall, then run through. The Ricks and Mortys chasing them follow)

[Trans. Doopidoo dimension. Several doopidoo creatures stand around repeating the phrase “Doopidoo” over and over]

(Rick C-137 shoots several portals into the wall, and enters the last one. The Ricks and Mortys chasing them enter the dimension but don’t know which portal to go into)

Armed Rick 6: They could have gone into any one of these.
Armed Ricks: (Ugh, son of a-, aw geez, aw man, we lost him, etc. Ad lib)

[Trans. Chair dimension. A sofa sits on a person dialing on a pizza, while another is lying down on another person]
Sofa 1: Yeah, I’d like to order one large phone with extra phones please.
Sofa 2: Cellphone. No no no no no, rotary! And payphone on half.

(C-137 Rick and Morty run out of a portal)

Rick: That’ll keep ‘em [belches] busy for a while.

Morty: Those guys were wrong, right? You don’t- you wouldn’t kill yourself… y-yourselves?

Rick: 'Course not, Morty! How could that profit me? Someone out there is killing Ricks, and the council ain’t gonna stop thinking it’s me until we clear our names.

(The two pass a homeless sofa, who’s initially drinking but stares at them as they pass and dumps out his bottle)

Rick: By finding the real Rick killer.

Morty: I’m scared, Rick! Maybe we should go home and stockpile weapons like that show Doomsday Preppers.

Rick: Not really my style, Morty. Besides, your home is most likely swarming with Ricks right now.

[Trans. Smith living room. Jerry’s reading a newspaper, Summer’s on her phone, and a bunch of Ricks and Mortys are searching the place]

Rick 1: Alright, listen, Jerry. If Rick calls, this device is going to trace his location. You just gotta keep ‘em on the phone for thirty seconds or longer.

Beth: Who wants lemonade?

Rick 1: Oh yeah! Mmm! Oh, delicious!

Rick 2: Beth, [belches] you’re a treasure.

Rick 3: I have a Beth just like you in my [belches] reality, except you know what? She’s not as brilliant or[belches] attractive!

Beth: Aww, thank [belches] you!

All Ricks: Ohohoho! She did it! She did it!

(Phone rings. Rick 4 makes a signal to say they’re tracing the signal. Jerry picks it up)

Jerry: Uh, hello?

Rick (phone): Hey Jerry, it’s Rick.

Jerry: Rick! Heyy. Haha, what’s- what’s up?

Rick (phone): So listen, the heat’s on and [belches] there’s nowhere left to turn so Morty and I are just going to fly my spaceship into a black hole.

Jerry: What?

Rick (phone): Is that cool with you, dog?

Jerry: Rick, no! Mortyyyy!

Rick 4: I got it! The call’s coming from… ♫inside the house!♫

All Ricks: [laughing] (Look at his face! I can’t believe our daughter married you, too easy, etc. Ad lib)

[Trans. Chair dimension. Rick and Morty are in a restaurant run by chairs]

Rick: The Ricks are probably gonna waste some time messing with Jerry. They won’t be able to help themselves. But as soon as they get bored they’ll be on to us.

Chair waiter: Phones á la clams, and phonesgetti with phoneballs. Anything else?

Rick: Yeah, more phonesticks please.

Phone waiter: Right away, sir.

Morty: You know Rick, when I first saw all those Ricks and Mortys, I thought ‘gee, that kinda devalues our bond.’ But then I realised that just means that our relationship must be pretty special to span over all those different timelines.

Rick: Yeah, it’s gotta be that way. You’re a camouflage.

Morty: Camouflage? Wh-wh-what are you talking about, Rick?

Rick: Ricks have a very distinct and traceable brainwave due to our genius. The best way to hide from an enemy’s radar is to stand near someone with complementary brainwaves that make ours invisible. See, wh-wh-when a Rick is with a Morty, the genius waves get cancelled out by the uh, [clears throat] Morty waves.

Morty: Um… because… our personalities are so different?

Rick: Oh, shit dog! My portal gun was hacked remotely Morty, obviously by the real killer to frame me. But I was able to trace the signal. Come on, let’s go!

(The two stand up. As they’re about to leave, two Ricks and a Morty enter the restaurant and address the waiter)

Rick (C-137): Uh-oh!

Rick 1: ‘Scuse me, we’ve tracked a pair of dangerous criminals to this exact location. They look exactly like us, so in order to avoid confusion I’m going to mark us each with a red X right now. That way if someone has a gun and we both tell you to shoot the other one because they’re the evil one, you’ll know who’s lying.

Rick 2: Hey, check it out!

(Two person-chairs that look like Rick and Morty from behind are beside a table. When the two Ricks rush over to turn them around, it’s revealed that they’re not)

Rick 1: Dammit!

(They look out the window, to see C-137 flipping them off from in a police hovercraft. They rush outside, and the waiter follows)

Chair waiter: Hey, you didn’t pay your bill!

Rick 1: The red X! Red X!

[Trans. Green planet. Rick and Morty are flying in the police hovercraft, searching]

Rick: Hey, it’s a good thing that space outlet had labcoats and your favourite kind of shirt in stock, huh Morty?

Morty: Yeah, Rick. I-I heard you the first time. You don’t have to keep saying it over and over and over.

Rick: Man, this place is wayyy off the grid. This guy does not wanna be found.

Morty: Well, if he’s a Rick, doesn’t he just have to stand by a Morty to hide? I mean, isn’t that what Mortys are? Human cloaking devices?

Rick: Morty, you’re making a bigger deal out of this than it is.

(In the distance a dome comes into view. Faint yelling can be heard)

Morty: Oh my god, Rick, look! There’s a bunch of people strapped all over that building!

Rick: Not people, Morty. Mortys.

(As they get closer, it’s revealed that the dome is covered top to bottom in naked Mortys, who are strapped to the surface and are being tortured with contraptions that stab their sides constantly. Constant Morty yelling can be heard)

Morty (C-137): Oh my god… wh-why would somebody do this? It’s horrible!

Rick: Well, one Morty’s enough to hide from the bureaucrats. But you g- you get a whole matrix of Mortys and put ‘em in agonising pain. That creates a pattern that can hide even from other Ricks, mother*cker. I fiddled with a [belches] concept like this once.

(They land. Morty stares at Rick)

Rick: On paper, Morty, on paper! I wouldn’t do this, it’s barbaric overkill. I mean, you could accomplish the same result with like five Mortys and a jumper cable. [pauses as Morty glares at him] Which I also wouldn’t do! I’m just saying, it’s bad craftsmanship.

[Trans. Smith living room. Ricks are playing cards while Mortys watch. Jerry’s on his laptop]

Beth: Coffee time!

All Ricks: (Yeah! That’s what I like to hear! etc. Ad lib)

(The Ricks run into the kitchen, and the Mortys take the place of the Ricks on the cards table. Doofus Rick enters the house)

Jerry: Ugh.

Doofus Rick: Hi Jerry!

Jerry: Leave me alone, I’m working!

Doofus Rick: Oh, you are? Wh-wh-what do you do?

Jerry: Ugh. I’m- I’m in between advertising jobs.

Doofus Rick: Advertising? Wow! So, people need help figuring out what to buy and then y-you help them?

Jerry: W-well, it’s a little more complicated than that…

Doofus Rick: Well, I mean, you do it, and you seem like a guy that really has it all together!

Jerry: [Looks around for hiding Ricks] Dude, are you… wh- you’re being a dick, right?

Doofus Rick: Oh gosh, wh- I hope not! I-I-I-I wouldn’t want to offend you in any way!

Jerry: You’re really a Rick?

Doofus Rick: Ohoho! Y-of course I am! Just as much as my Morty’s a Morty!

(Doofus Rick’s morty waves to Doofus Rick from the poker table)

Jerry: Hey, he looks a lot like Eric Stoltz from the movie ‘Mask.’ You know, the one with Cher in it?

Doofus Rick: That’s right, Jerry! He-he’s from a reality where everyone is Eric Stoltz mask people! He’s Eric Stoltz mask Morty! They assigned him to me because… I never had any kids of my own. But if I did, boy, I’d love ‘em if they were as smart and as successful as you are, Jerry.

(Ricks return with coffee)

Rick 1: Hey, get a load of this! Jerry’s hanging out with doofus Rick.

Rick 2: Haha, this is perfect.

Doofus Rick: I’m not doofus Rick! I’m Rick J-19-Zeta-7!

Rick 1: Oh, is that the timeline where everybody eats poop? Jerry, you know this guy eats poop, right?

Doofus Rick: Hey! I don’t eat poop! Y-you guys are always so mean to me!

Rick 1 and 2: [laughing]

Doofus Rick: I guess it’s only fair to tell you now, Jerry… I’m the worst Rick of them all.

Jerry: According to who? Other versions of you? If I’ve learned one thing, it’s that before you get anywhere in life, you gotta stop listening to yourself.

Doofus Rick: Wow, you really are wise, Jerry. I-I guess that’s why you work in advertising!

Jerry: The fact that you feel that way makes you the best Rick of them all.

[Trans. Int dome. Rick and Morty are exploring corridors]

Morty: You don’t care about me at all! I’m no different than that jacket you’ve got on! Y-y-or-or your stupid portal gun! I’m just a tool! I-I’m just an object!

Rick: Hey, it’s your choice to take it personally, Morty. Now for the love of god, be quiet! The point of this is to get the drop on the guy!

Morty: You know what Rick, I’ll tell you something! I’m more than a human shield!

Rick: Yeah, that’s right! You are! You’re a perfect impenetrable suit of human armor, Morty! Because you’re as dumb as I am smart! Which is why when I say ‘shut up’ it’s really good advice.

(Morty tears up. A bunch of lobster-like aliens come out of the nearby corridors and surround them)

Rick: Great, nice work, Morty.

(Rick starts attacking and kicking the aliens. He kills the first wave, but more surround them quickly)

Rick: Urrgh.

(Evil Rick and Evil Morty emerge. Evil Rick is slow clapping)

Evil Rick: Ooh, look at you, C-137! You’re- aren’t you a tough customer?

Rick: The slow clap? Really? Kinda played out, dude.

Evil Rick: Not in this dimension it isn’t. In fact, hah, I invented it and nobody else has ever even done it here before.

Rick: Well lah-dee-dah. [slow claps]

Evil Rick: Hey, that’s mine!

[Trans. Rick and Morty have been apprehended and are being carried down the corridor by lobster aliens]

Rick: I don’t like the look of that Rick, Morty. We gotta escape.

Morty: I’m not gonna help you, Rick. Y-you’re a monster.

Rick: Don’t be Rickdiculous, Morty.

Morty: W-will you stop saying that? It’s stupid.

Evil Rick: Take his Morty away.

Evil Morty: Come with me.

Morty: Yeah, gladly. Geez man, Ricks huh?

(The two leave to the left. The view changes to another, smaller corridor, which the two walk down)

Morty: Hey man, you seem to know how this place works. Is there any way we can… shut down that grid and rescue all those Mortys out there?

Evil Morty: It would be pointless. Mortys have no chance of defeating a Rick.

(He opens a door)

Evil Morty: In here.

(As Morty walks in, he sees it’s filled with a crowd of scared, shivering Mortys. As he tries to leave, Evil Morty closes the door behind him, locking him in)

[Trans. Evil Rick’s lab. Rick is tied to an examination table. An array of computers and other devices are visible. Many of the Mortys from the outside of the dome are visible]

Evil Rick: Ahh, isn’t it beautiful?

Rick: Yeah, yeah, looks like payday at Neverland ranch in here. Zing!

Lobster alien: Hehehehehehehehehe.

Rick: That guy got it.

Evil Rick: Ah-ah Rick, quiet. You’re missing my symphony.

(Evil Rick presses a button, allowing the sounds of the Mortys in pain to come through. He conducts it for a bit)

Rick: Hey, I’ll take it over Mumford and Sons. Zip!

Lobster alien: Hehehehehehehehehe.

Rick: This guy is on it!

Evil Rick: He’s not laughing at your dumb jokes, Rick. That’s just a random noise it makes every ten seconds.

Lobster alien: Hehehehehehehehehe.

Rick: Awww.

Evil Rick: See, Rick, you’re not as clever as you think you are. I wanted you to find me. We’re not so [belch] different, you and I.

(Evil Rick activates a display showing all the Ricks from different timelines)

Rick: Yeah, duh!

Evil Rick: See this right here, Rick? I crunched the numbers, I created a spectrum of all the Ricks. I listed ‘em out from most evil to least evil. Here’s where I am. And look at right here’s where you are, Rick. This guy right here? Super weird.

Rick: I get it. So you want me to team up with you to take down the council of Ricks, right? Is that where you’re going with this? ‘Cause that’s where I’d be going.

Evil Rick: Please. I think I’m doing pretty good on my own. I’m simply going to download the contents of your brain, and then kill you.

[Trans. Rick’s garage. Doofus Rick is mixing chemicals and Jerry is watching]

Doofus Rick: Okay, if we add a little more titanium nitrate, and just a tad of chlorified tartrate: ovenless brownies!

(Jerry takes a brownie, eats it and smiles)

Jerry: It’s incredible what a gifted mind can accomplish when priorities are in order!

Doofus Rick: Well, come on, I can’t take all the credit, Jerry. It was your idea. C’mere Jerry!

(Both hug and laugh)

Jerry: Hey, uh. C’mere, uh. I-I wanna show you something.

(They exit the garage and Jerry pulls out a box, then opens it to reveal coins with R2D2s on them)

Jerry: Okay, look. Everybody makes fun of me for getting these, but… you’re a genius scientist, what do you think? There’s little R2D2s where the George Washingtons should be!

Doofus Rick: You know Jerry, I’m not gonna tell you that these will increase in value, or even hold their current value. The truth is… you bought ‘em ‘cause you like ‘em. They have value to you. That’s what matters.

Jerry: (tearing up) How long are you staying?

Doofus Rick: Until we find your Rick.

Jerry: (hugging doofus Rick) I found mine. I found mine.

[Trans. Morty prison. C-137 Morty is bashing at the door. He is approached by a group of Mortys wearing robes and facepaint]

Morty (C-137): Help!

Religious Morty: There is no escape, my son. We will find our peace in the next world.

(Religious Morty offers C-137 a pamphlet titled “The Good Morty”)

Morty (C-137): So what? Y-y-y-y-you’re just going to give up?

Religious Morty: We’re giving in to the power of the One True Morty. One day he will return!

All religious Mortys: Praise the One True Morty!

(Morty opens “The Good Morty” to the first page, then scoffs and throws it away)

Morty (C-137): Alright Mortys, listen up! My name is Morty Smith, from Earth dimension C-137! I know you’re scared, because I’m scared, but that’s no reason to accept our fate. We’re Mortys! We’re not defined by our relationships to Rick! Our destiny is our own!

Morty 1: This sounds like something the One True Morty might say. I’m sick of being a human shield! I-I-I-I wanna be a gardener!

Morty 2: I wanna write really crazy, intense action novels!

Hammer Morty: I’m more than just a hammer!

Religious Morty: He is the one true Morty! The one true Morty!

All Mortys: Hooray!

(The door opens, and a lobster alien walks in)

Lobster alien: Hey, keep it down!

All Mortys: Raaaaugh!

(The Mortys rush the door, breaking free and charging down the corridor)

[Trans. Evil Rick’s lab. Evil Rick is going through Rick’s memories on a screen]

Evil Rick: You’ve lived quite a life, Rick. It’s a real shame you’re not gonna be around to see it through.

(The memories change theme to feature Morty in each one. Rick tears up)

Evil Rick: You’re crying? Over a Morty?

Rick: No, I’m just allergic to dipshits.

Evil Rick: Ugh, pathetic. We both know that if there’s any truth in the universe, it’s that Ricks don’t care about Mortys.

(The Mortys break through the door and rush at Evil Rick, killing the lobster aliens, surrounding him and tearing into him)

Evil Rick: Do your worst, you little bastards! Kill me! Do it! Do it!

(Evil Rick dies. Morty C-137 appears and approaches Rick)

Rick: Morty! Get me out of this! Come on!

Morty (C-137): You’re lucky I’m not a Rick.

(Morty C-137 unbuckles Rick from the examination table)

Rick: Point taken, but this is [belches] no time for arcs.

(He presses a button, disengaging the Morty shield. Mortys are released and pour down off the dome. Rick grabs a phone and rings home)

Rick 1: Yeah, hello?

Rick (C-137): Hey, what do me and O.J. not have in common?

Rick 1: Huh? Wh-who is this?

Rick (C-137): I found the real killer, biitch! Get over here!

[Trans. Jerry and doofus Rick are playing with legos. Rick 1 opens the door]

Rick 1: Yo ding-dong! We’re done here. Time to go.

Doofus Rick: Well Jerry, I [belches] guess this means goodbye.

Jerry: W-w-well, does it have to? Heh, you, you look just like Rick. We could maybe… you know… get rid of him? I’m not saying kill him, necessarily, I-I’m also not saying necessarily not kill him, but-

Doofus Rick: Jerry. W-we both know it wouldn’t work. It’s time to go back to our lives. I love you, Jerry. I love ya.

(Doofus Rick hugs Jerry and leaves. Jerry makes as if to follow him, then stops and punches a wall. The lego castle they built falls apart)

[Trans. Evil Rick’s lab. The Mortys are still fighting. Ricks from the citadel move in and stop each Morty, pulling them off Evil Rick’s corpse and bringing them back to the citadel]

Morty (C-137): Wh-wh-what’s gonna happen to all these Mortys?

Council Rick 1: They’ll go back to their families, attend school regularly, play video games, date girls… poor little Rickless bastards.

[Trans. Citadel of Ricks. The council has gathered around C-137 Rick and Morty]

Council Rick 1: Earth Rick C-137, the council apologises for its false accusation. And in the way of reparations for our terrible mistake, we would like to compensate you with this voucher for a free replacement Morty, in the event that [belches] your current [belches] Morty should-

Rick: Uh, guys? Not a good time. Come on, Morty, let’s hit it.

(Before they leave, Rick takes the voucher anyway)

[Trans. Citadel outside. Rick and Morty are walking away from the council]

Morty: Is it time for arcs yet, Rick? I did a pretty great job back there for a human cloaking device. Saved your ass.

Rick: Alright, Morty, don’t break an arm jerking yourself off.

Morty: Man, I can’t believe you, Rick! That right there! Tha-that was a great opportunity to show a little humanity. You know? To connect with me a little?

Rick: Hey Morty, you want connection? Go be part of some stupid club like all those dumb Ricks. You know, maybe I don’t connect because I’m the Rickest Rick there is. And you know, it would [belch] go without saying that the Rickest Rick… would have the Mortyest Morty.

Morty: It would go without saying, huh?

Rick: Yeah, it would. Did you hear me say it?

Morty: Nah… (to himself) The Mortyest Morty…

Rick: Just don’t get too big for your loafers, Buster Brown. A cocky Morty could lead to some big problems. Could be a real bad thing for everybody.

Morty: Oh yeah, how’s that?

Rick: I-I-I’ll explain when you’re older.

[Trans. Evil Rick’s lab. Evil Rick is lying in a pool of blood being inspected by Ricks. For the Damaged Coda by Blonde Redhead starts playing in the background]

Rick 1: What a mess…

Rick 2: Pride cometh before the fall. I guess he got what he deserved.

Rick 1: What is that?

(Rick 1 turns Evil Rick’s head over to reveal wires)

Rick 2: Hand me the laser defibrillator.

Doofus Rick: Hey guys! Uh, c-can I help?

Rick 2: No! Go clean the toilets! Maybe you’ll make friends with some turds!

Rick 1: You make us ashamed to be ourselves!

(Rick 2 removes the top of Evil Rick’s head to reveal electronics woven into his brain. They pull out a chip)

Rick 1: My god! I’ve seen this technology before! This Rick was being controlled remotely, puppeteered by somebody else. This is the receiver!

Rick 2: Yeah, but where’s the transmitter?

[Trans. Citadel of Ricks. Mortys are being loaded into spaceships to be delivered to their respective dimensions]

(Evil Morty follows them, and removes his eyepatch, revealing the transmitter. He crushes it underfoot and hides the wires, then follows the rest of the Mortys)

Post-Credit Scene

[Jerry is sitting in Rick’s bedroom, trying not to cry. Rick enters]

Rick: Wubbalubbadubdub! Oh. Hey Jerry. Wh-wh-what are you doing in my room, buddy?

Jerry: Nothing! I was just, um, checking the smoke detectors.

Rick: Alright. Okay, get out.

(Jerry leaves and goes down to the dining room. He looks outside the window and sees doofus Rick standing in the rain and smiles. Rick appears beside Jerry)

Rick: What’s that dipshit doing out there? Are you friends with him? You know he eats his own shit, right? Oh my god, this is rich! I’ve got like [belches] ten Ricks to call right now!

[Episode ends]

Transcripts Wiki
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY
 FANDOM
GAMES
MOVIES
TV
VIDEO
WIKIS
START A WIKI

ADVERTISEMENT
Transcripts Wiki
25,352
PAGES
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY

in: Article stubs, Rick and Morty Transcripts
Ricksy Business
VIEW SOURCE
Rick and Morty: Season: 1 Episode: 11

[incomplete & unfixed]

This transcript isn't finished! This article is a stub. You can help Transcripts Wiki by expanding it.

(Screen plays the outside of the Smith family's house. Jerry is seen packing stuff into the back of a car that is parked in front of the garage, while Beth is standing by the passenger seat side of the car. Rick, Summer, and Morty are standing by the garage door.)

Summer: Bye, mom! Bye, dad!

Morty: Drive carefully!

Rick: Have fun, you two.

Beth: Yes, we will have as much fun as possible on our... (Sarcastic and moody) Titanic-themed getaway.

Jerry: (Finishes packing the car, and closes the door of the car.) Let's lose the 'tude, please. It's supposed to be romantic. (Opens the passenger seat door.)

Beth: Speaking of disasters, dad, we are leaving you in charge, here.

Rick: I know, c-can we wrap this up? Morty and I (belching) have some synthetic laser-eels oxidizing in the garage.

Beth: (Angry) Hey, don't blow me off. I am drawing a line, okay? Any damage to this house or these children when we get back, and... no more adventures with Morty. (Opens the car door off screen.)

Morty: Aw, geez, Rick! If my mom's the one who's saying it, then you know it's pretty serious this time.

Beth and Jerry in unison: That's right.

Jerry: Wait... What?

Rick: Listen, you have my word as a caregiver, everything's gonna be fine. And if not, like you say, no more adventures or whatever. It's like that old song "blomp blomp-a noop noop a-noop noop noop". You guys know that song? (Elbows Morty.) From Tiny Roger's? You never heard of it? You know, the black effeminate guy from the '50s?

(Everyone is silent)

Rick: No-nobody? (Angry) A-all right, whatever. Look, who cares? Just go on your stupid trip.

Jerry: (Serious) Not one thing out of place.

(Beth and Jerry enter the car and drive out of the garage driveway. Jerry then stops the car, and opens the car door.)

Jerry: Not a single thing.

(Jerry closes the door, and they drive away.)

(A few seconds after the car leaves, the garage door disintegrates, as the synthetic laser eels screech and float out of the damaged garage door. Rick, Morty, and Summer watch the eel's float away, and the garage door collapses onto the three. The giant hole in the door keeps them from being squashed.)

Summer: (Happy) Well, we're past the point of no return. I'm going to have a party.

(Intro plays)

(Screen cuts back to the outside of the Smith family's house. Everyone is in the house, and the garage door was put back into it's original place. There is still a massive burned hole in the door.)

Summer: (Off screen) I found Jello.

(Screen cuts to a shelf with snacks, as Summer grabs a box of crackers. She is taking to someone on her phone.)

Summer: Can you sneak your mom's vodka? Yes, she does. I saw it in your laundry room. (Grabs another box) Listen, you can't both be in denial about it. Okay, bye. (Stops the call)

(Morty enters the kitchen, angry.)

Morty: Summer, you can't throw a party! Remember what mom said?

(Screen changes to a view of the whole kitchen. Rick walks up to the fridge.)

Summer: Yeah, if anything gets messed up, you and grandpa Rick get punished. I'm only a human being, Morty.

(Rick is seen searching through the fridge.)

Morty: Rick, tell Summer she can't have a party!

Rick: (Pulls out a tray with canapes on it, and places it on the bench off screen.) Uh, Summer, you can't have a party.

Summer: Ugh.

Rick: (Back on screen.) Because (burp) I'm having a party, b-I-I-I-itch! (burp)

Morty: Oh, what?! Rick, you can't!

Summer: What do you mean you're having a party? (Sarcastic) Are some glip glops from the third dimension going to come over and play cards or something?

Rick: "Glip glop?" You're lucky a Traflorkian doesn't hear you say that.

Summer: Is that like their n-word?

Rick: It's like the n-word and the c-word had a baby, and it was raised by all the bad words for Jews. (Drinks from a soda can.)

Morty: Listen, I think the three of us could just, you know, have a nice time, like just hanging out, and, you know, doing a little bonding and --

Summer: (Interrupts Morty) screw that. This is my chance to gain some footing with the cool kids.

Rick: That's why you party? Boy, you really are 17.

Summer: Why do you party?

Rick: To get (burp) wr-wriggedy wriggedy wrecked, son!

Summer: Just keep your sci-fi friends away from my awesome ones.

Rick: Yeah, and you keep your awesome friends away from my canapes. (Places a piece of food into his canapes to finish preparing them.)

(Screen cuts to the Titanic getaway. The boat is seen floating on the water, and people are waiting on the sidewalk.)

(Screen cuts again to the left side of the boat, as people are seen getting a tour of the boat. Beth and Jerry are also seen on the group of poeple. workers are seen painting a giant board of a sunset just next to the boat.)

Tour Guide: After dinner, Titanic 2 will attach to the rail system near our replica iceberg, and the hydraulics encased in these tubes will execute a controlled sink into the icy depths.

Jerry: A rail system seems archaic for an attraction this impressive. Are you sure the ship will sink?

Tour Guide: I can assure you the ship will sink, as it has a thousand times before. It is un-unsinkable.

(The group of people applaud.)

Jerry: (Notices the front of the Titanic, full of people.) Ooh! Look, it's the line for the bow!

Beth: (Bored and unimpressed) Jerry, I'd love to just kick back with a Margarita and read.

(Both walk down some stairs to the front of the boat towards the line of people.)

Beth: Do you mind if I skip the whole "king of the world" bit?

Jerry: Well, it's not the "king of the world" bit. That's Jack and fabrizio. (Grabs Beth's hat and places it on her head.) This is where rose says, "I'm flying, Jack!" But whatever. I can be the only one to do it alone.

Beth: (Looks to her right, and smiles.) Well, what about her?

(A maid is seen mopping up the deck near the two.)

Beth: Excuse me, ma'am. Would you like to take my place in line?

Lucy: (Shy) I, uh -- I could get into trouble.

Beth: (Takes off her hat and places it onto Lucy's.) We won't tell.

(Beth lets Lucy go in the line next to Jerry, and walks away, reading a book.)

Jerry: So... You're a Titanic fanatic?

Lucy: Oh, yes. I've worked here since it opened, but I've never been able to participate.

Jerry: Happy to help... rose.

(They both smile as Lucy grabs Jerry's arm, and they both walk down the line. Lucy giggles.)

(Screen cuts to the Smith family's living room. There are a few people chilling out and eating snacks.)

Tammy: (To a girl) I love watching bukkake. I mean, like, I don't know if I personally would ever do it...

(The doorbell rings, and Summer walks over to the door and opens it.)

Summer: Brad! Hey!

Brad: Yo.

(Brad walks into the house with a few other guys.)

Tammy: (To the girl) Brad is here! Quick, make my hair look drunk.

(The girl messes up Tammy's hair. Tammy poses as if she's drunk as Brad and the other guys walk past them.)

Brad: Check it out. Tammy's already drunk. Cool.

(Summer watches as the guys walk away. As she goes to close the door, a man who is half bird and half human stops the door. Summer opens the door again.)

Birdperson: The beacon was activated. Who is in danger?

Summer: Ugh! Grandpa!

(Rick walks up to Birdperson, happy to see him. They fistbump. Summer walks away, grumpy.)

Rick: Birdperson!

Birdperson: I am pleased there is no emergency.

Rick: Oh, there's an emergency, all right. (He puts his arm around Birdperson) A pussy emergency! When's the last time you got laid, 'pers?

Birdperson: It has been a... challenging mating season for birdperson.

Rick: Then it's time to get your beak wet tonight, playah. (Leads Birdperson into the house) Go have some fun out there birdp-- bird-- birdperson.

(Morty walks up to Rick.)

Morty: Oh, man, how many people did you invite, Rick?

Rick: Uh... people? Mm, six.

(A big green spaceship/UFO lands in front of the house. A bunch of happy little green lumpy aliens come running out of the ship/UFO into the house.)

Rick: Yo! What up, my glip glops?!

Morty: Oh, man!

(Screen cuts to the outside of the house. It's nighttime, and people and aliens are seen walking around outside. Two Rick's from the Citadel of Ricks arrive through a portal.)

Morty: (Walking around picking up trash from the ground and putting it in a garbage bag. The house is very crowded) (Huff) (Huff) Oh! Y-y-you know there's a garbage, right?

(An alien is seen falling off the ceiling.)

(Morty hears a noise, and goes to investigate. He walks into a room to find a red crocodile-like creature mauling up and eating a bird creature. Other people and creatures are just watching.)

Morty: Hey, uh, what the hell?!

Jelly-like creature with items stuck inside of it: Ooh. That's why you never invite a floopy doop and a shmoopy doop to the same party. (Exits the room)

(Morty is furious. But he hears a creaking noise coming from upstairs. He goes and checks it out. He walks into his parent bedroom to see two people or aliens, presumably having sex in their bed under the covers.)

Morty: Oh, oh, g-- oh, that's disgusting! You guys are in my parents' bed!

(The covers are lowered to show a blue alien creature with a giant growth on it. It jiggles when he moves.)

Blue alien: Oh. Sorry. I'm not feeling too well. I just needed to lie down for a bit.

Morty: Oh. Okay. S-s-sorry. Haha.

(The blue alien pukes on the side of the bed. It disintegrates a giant patch of the mattress.)

Morty: Oh, my God! Are you kidding me?!

(The screen cuts to the corner of the kitchen. The traflorkians are seen pouring themselves drinks with a beer dispenser. Rick is also there, listening to a half human and half robot person talking to him. Rick is bored out of his mind.)

Gearhead: The thing people don't realize about the Gear Wars is that it was never really about the gears at all.

Rick: Uh-huh. Yeah. No, no, to-totally.

(Morty walks up to Rick, stressed out.)

Morty: Rick, you got to stop --

(Rick interrupts Morty, and grabs him.)

Rick: Morty! Have you met Gearhead?

Morty: (Waves) Hey, how's it --

Rick: (Interrupts Morty) Morty here, he -- he would love to hear all about the Gear Wars. (Rick quickly leaves them)

Gearhead: How familiar are you with the Gear Wars, exactly?

Morty: Uh... Not at all.

Gearhead: Oh, boy. I envy you. Okay, it was about 754 years ago...

(Screen cuts to the outside of the house again. People are seen drunk, some people are still arriving, and there is toilet paper hanging off the roof of the house. A big alien structure is seen on the roof, and one lands just in front of the house. A bunch of cyborg robots exit it and march up to the house.)

(The screen cuts back into the house living room. Rick is by the couch with a large red crab creature. Morty walks up to Rick.)

Rick: Oh, hey, Morty! H-have you -- have you met my buddy scropon?

Morty: Not again, Rick. That last guy droned on for 20 minutes, you know? And meanwhile, the whole house is being destroyed!

(A beer bottle is seen smashing into a wall, making a mess.)

Rick: Whoa, Morty, this guy's entire planet was destroyed.

(Scropon walks away, moping.)

Rick: Have a little perspective.

(A cat creature walks up to Rick from behind Morty. He's holding some alcohol.)

Squanchy: Hey, Rick, squanchy party, bro!

Rick: Aw! Squanchy!

Squanchy: Is there a good place for me to squanch around here?

Rick: Squanchy, you can squanch wherever you want, man. Mi casa es su casa, dawg!

Squanchy: All right! I like your squanch! (He runs away, excited)

Morty: Uh, Rick, what exactly is "squanching"?

Rick: Morty, listen -- we've had a lot of really cool adventures over the last year, but it's time to relax.

Morty: Yeah, if I relax now, there might not even be any more adventures!

Rick: Jesus, Morty, you're bumming me out. Can't we just pretend like everything's fine for a few hours, enjoy ourselves, and then worry about all this later?

Morty: Yeah, that's easy for you to say, Rick. You know, you like not caring about stuff. You know, wh-wh-what's in this for me?

(Time slows down as Jessica dreamily walks into the living room, whipping her hair. People are seen watching her in awe, and a beer bottle is seen being thrown past her.)

Morty: (In slow motion) Jessica.

(Time goes back to normal.)

Rick: Knock it off, Slow Mobius!

(A person/alien wearing yellow clothes and is holding magical wands with clocks on the ends is seen stirring up time with his magic.)

Slow Mobius: Ha ha! Sorry, dude! I'm just trying to show off my powers, bro!

(Jessica walks into a different room.)

Morty: I can't believe she's here.

Rick: Well, what are you doing standing here, Morty? Go. Talk to her. (He shoves Morty away. Morty follows Jessica.)

Rick: Tonight, the only adventure you're on is your cusping manhood.

(The scene cuts to the titanic. Jerry and Lucy are running together, laughing. They run past a smoking man. Jerry steals his cigarette, and gets rid of it.)

Jerry: Oh, Rose.

(Jerry and Lucy both spin dance together.)

Lucy: Whee!

(Both laughing, as they both look over the balcony at the front of the boat.)

Jerry: Is that what I think it is?

(Screen cuts to the front of the boat, with workers who are stacking painted boards of pieces of the Titanic.)

Lucy: (Off screen) Yes, every couple gets to re-create Jack's drowning at the end of the movie.

(Screen cuts back to Jerry and Lucy.)

Lucy: It's so romantic.

Jerry: I can't wait to do that with Beth.

Lucy: I don't know, Jerry. With all due respect, it seems like your wife may not be that interested.

Jerry: (Gasp!) Look! (Points at the iceberg in front of the boat, as it rises higher out of the water)

Voice through speaker: Iceberg, right ahead! The buffet is now closed.

(Everybody gathers up to the balcony of the boat, watching excitedly.)

Voice through speaker: Iceberg, right ahead! The buffet is now closed.

(Screen cuts to the bridge of the boat. The two captains watch.)

Captain #1: (Worried) Uh, sir? There's not a problem.

Captain #2: What do you mean there's not a problem?

(The control panel's light are flashing red, and beeping.)

Captain #1: The guidance system isn't putting us on a direct collision course. This ship is about to completely miss the giant iceberg!

Captain #2: Well, do something! Steer into it!

Captain #1: (Frantically trying to steer towards the iceberg) I'm trying!

(The boat completely misses the iceberg.)

Captain #2: It's too late. (Removes his hat, and speaks into a microphone.) Ladies and gentlemen... Don't brace yourselves.

(Everyone on the boat gasp, as they watch the iceberg go past them.)

Jerry: No! What happened?!

Lucy: Their rail system must have failed.

Passengers: Oh, my God! We're not gonna sink! What are we gonna do?!

(Screen cuts to the Smith family's house party. A group of fish creatures are seen swimming and jumping into a pool of yellow liquid. But the screen zooms out to show that it turned out to be a cup full of alcohol. A guy picks the cup up.)

Guy: Totally gonna get laid tonight. (Drinks from the cup.)

(Tammy is seen swooning over Birdperson. She is petting his feathers.)

Tammy: (In awe) I like your feathers.

Birdperson: They are designed to attract the attention of the female.

Tammy: It's working.

Birdperson: Tammy, I should let you know I just got out of a highly intense soul bond with my previous spirit mate.

Tammy: I'm not looking to get into a soul bond. I'm just looking for... (Whispers into Birdperson's ear.)

Birdperson: I believe birdperson can arrange that.

(Screen pans to Summer talking to her friends. A girl with glasses walks over to her.)

Nancy: Hey, Summer, haven't seen you at flute practice in a while.

Girl: Summer, don't tell me you're friends with her.

Summer: (Lying) Are you kidding me? I don't even know what she's doing here.

(Rick walks up to Summer.)

Rick: Whoa. Not cool, summer. This is a party. (He accidentally splashes some of his drink into Nancy's face.) Everybody should be welcome.

(The wall gets demolished along with a loud explosion. The dust fades, to show a mix between Abradolph Linkler and Adolf Hitler. The house is silent, as he goes around getting aggressive to people.)

Rick: Oh, great. Who invited Abradolph Lincoler? (Tries to hide his face from Abradolph Lincoler.)

Summer: I thought everyone was welcome.

Rick: It's not the same, Summer. Lincoler is a crazed maniac -- just a misguided effort of mine to create a morally neutral superleader by combining the DNA of Adolf Hitler and Abraham Lincoln. Turns out (burp) it just adds up to a lame, weird loser.

(People run away from Abradolph Lincoler, before he finds Rick.)

Abradolph Lincoler: Rick, you brought me into this world, a suffering abomination tortured by the duality of its being.

(Rick is drinking his alcohol, unimpressed.)

Abradolph Lincoler: (Walks closer to Rick) But I shall finally know peace when I watch the life drain from your wretched body! (He accidentally bumps Brad with his arm. Brad is standing next to Jessica and Morty)

Brad: Whoa. What's up, man?

Abradolph Lincoler: I have no quarrel with you, boy.

Brad: "Boy"? What's that supposed to mean? (Gets up into Abradolph Lincoler's face)

Abradolph Lincoler: (Threatened) It's just -- l-look, I-I don't know how you thought I meant it, but... (Looks at Rick for help)

Rick: Don't look at me, dude.

Abradolph Lincoler: Look, I'm half-Abraham Lincoln, so --

Brad: (Angry) So I should get on my knees and kiss your ass?!

Abradolph Lincoler: Well, no, but... You know?

Brad: What do I know? That the third reich will reign for a thousand years?

Jessica: Leave him alone, Brad.

Brad: Stay out of this, Jessica!

Rick: Kick his ass, Brad! (chanting)

Everyone except Morty and Jessica: (Chanting) Kick his ass! Kick his ass! Kick his ass!

(Everyone chants, as Brad beats up Abradolph Lincoler.)

Jessica: Brad!

(Jessica leaves the living room, as Morty follows her. Rick follows after Morty.)

Morty: Rick!

Rick: (Shoves Morty towards the door where jessica went) I just did you a favor, Morty.

(Screen cuts to the steps of the front door. Jessica is sitting alone in the messy front yard. The Morty exits through the door.)

Morty: Sorry about all that. Rick has some really strange friends.

(A roll of toilet paper falls off the roof, leaving a trail of toilet paper. Morty sits next to Jessica.)

Jessica: (Annoyed) Ugh! Brad is such a jerk. He's always trying to prove what a man he is. I just want to find somebody nice and sweet.

Morty: Jessica, can I show you something?

(Screen cuts to Morty opening the door to Rick's garage, and switching on the light. Jessica is with morty. The garage is full of constructed devices and stuff.

Jessica: Wow! Look at all this stuff.

Morty: (Walks over to the shelves and picks up a circular device.) Yeah. This is me and my grandpa Rick's Sci-Fi workshop. Check this out.

(Morty presses a button on the device, and it projects holograms of the universe and the planets.)

Jessica: It's beautiful.

Morty: You know, Jessica, there's something I've always wanted to tell you.

Jesica: What's that, Morty?

Morty: I think that you're the most --

Jessica: No, that -- those weird sounds coming from the closet over there. (Points at the shaking closet.)

(Morty turns off the device, and hands it to Jessica, as he goes to investigate the closet. He walks over to it, hesitant to open it. He glances at Jessica, before opening it. Inside is Squanchy, Autoerotic asphyxiating himself. (Choking himself with a rope while masturbating.

Jessica: Aah!

Morty: Oh, my God!

Squanchy: Hey, I'm squanching in here!

Morty: Oh, my God! Oh, that is so disgusting!

(Morty covers his eyes and backs away, accidentally bumping into a large and tall device, knocking it over.)

Morty: Ow! Oh! Oh, crap!

(The glass on the top of the device shatters, as it flashes a bright green light.)

(The screen cuts to the outside of the house, as the green light surrounds the whole house, and it disappears. It leaves a giant hole where the house was.)

(The house teleports into a colorful alien dimension. Everyone shouts in fear due to the impact of the house landing into the ground.)

(The screen cuts to the living room. Everyone is silent, as the power turns back on. Rick turns to look outside the screen door, and opens it. He watches the giant aliens crawl around.)

Rick: Huh. Big star in the sky. (Breathes in) Oxygen-rich atmosphere. Giant testicle monsters. (Turns around, excited) We'll be fine! Let's party!

(A random guy with his t-shirt in hand swings it over his head in excitement. He yells out, as he runs outside, only to be grabbed by an alien and stuffed into it's hole. Most likely it's genitals. Everyone is silent and concerned, so Rick quickly turns on a stereo.)

Stereo: ♪ Just shake that ass, bitch, and let me see whatcha got ♪

(Everyone cheers and dances with Rick.)

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

(Scene cuts back to the outside of the house. Rick, Summer, and Morty are outside the screen door. Rick is holding a device and scanning for something. Everyone is still partying inside.)

Summer: I swear to God, Morty, if it weren't for the fact that everyone's still having a blast in there, I would be so furious with you right now.

Rick: Oh, man. Y-you hear that, Morty? You really lucked out with Summer o-on that one. (Sips from his drink)

Morty: How are you guys not freaking out right now?! T-the whole house is sitting in another dimension! I-I mean, w-what the hell are we supposed to do?! M-m-mom and dad are gonna kill us! I'm losing it here, Rick!

Rick: (Holds Morty to get his attention) Relax, Morty, rela-a-a-ax! (Lets go) It's gonna be fine. All we have to do is go out and find us some kalaxian crystals. (Rick is still scanning with his device. It suddenly starts to beep.) Oh, shit, motherfucker! Kalaxian crystals, Morty, just a few miles South of here.

Morty: Okay. Let's go, then.

(Morty grabs Rick's arm and tries to pull him. Rick gets back up, but he won't follow morty.)

Morty: W-w-we got to go get those crystals right now, Rick.

Rick: (Makes Morty let go) Whoa, whoa, whoa. Morty, Morty, I-I can't go with you. I got to hang back and make sure everything stays cool here, you know? I mean, who knows what -- what if somebody breaks something?

Summer: Yeah. Me too. I should stay.

(Nancy and Abradolph Lincoler open the screen door and walk through. Abradolph Lincoler is holding a cold soda can up to the side of his face.)

Abradolph Lincoler: You guys have any aspirin?

Rick: Oh, hey, Morty, this is perfect! You can take Lincoler with you.

Abradolph Lincoler: Hey, man, I'm not going anywhere. I'm injured.

Rick: Shut up, Lincoler. (Shoves him away) It's the least you can do for wrecking the living room.

(Abradolph Lincoler walks away from the house, as Morty follows.)

Summer: (Grabs Nancy's shoulders) Yeah! And, Nancy, you should go, too.

Nancy: What? Why -- why me?

Summer: Because, uh, you're -- you're so good at playing the flute. (Shoves Nancy towards Morty and Abradolph Lincoler)

(Rick and Summer glance at each other, and enter the house.)

(Screen cuts back to the Titanic. Workers are seen moving the iceberg away, and cleaning up outside.)

(Screen cuts to the inside of the ship. Everyone is at the 'customer service.' Icluding Beth and Jerry.)

Captain #2: Sorry for the inconvenience, folks. We should resume sinking shortly. In the meantime, please, stay on the ship and enjoy a complimentary plate of James Cameronion rings. (He hands Beth a small card.)

Jerry: (Annoyed) Great. Not only is the ship not sinking, but now the fourth wall has been broken.

Beth: (Sigh) I am gonna go back to the room to finish my book. You should find that Lucy woman. (Walks away from Jerry)

Jerry: But -- but --

(Lucy walks up To Jerry.)

Lucy: You see, Jerry? (She puts her hand on Jerry's shoulder) May I show you something?

(Screen cuts to the storage area of the ship. Lucy and Jerry enter it. It's stocked full of boxes, nets and barrels.)

Lucy: Had everything gone as planned, this entire area would be underwater.

Jerry: I would have liked to see it. This trip has been a "Titanic" failure. (Turns to face Lucy) Get it?

(Lucy removes her dress, exposing her naked body.)

Jerry: (Shocked and confused) Ooh!

Lucy: Draw me, Jerry.

Jerry: (Awkwardly glancing at her body) Oh, boy. Lucy, wow. Uh, this isn't what I had in mind.

Lucy: But it's the perfect moment. We've been dreaming about this for 16 years.

Jerry: Um, not like this. Not -- not with you. Heh.

Lucy: (Lifts up a gun she has in her hand, and aims it at Jerry. She walks towards him) You are gonna draw me.

Jerry: Aah! (Backs away)

Lucy: Then you're going to fuck me in that car over there. (Points at an old-fashion car with the gun)

(Screen cuts to a part of the alien dimension that the Smith family's house is stranded in. Abradolph Lincoler, Morty, and Nancy are walking down a path, searching for the crystals. Morty is holding Ricks scanning device.)

Abradolph Lincoler: (Thinking) It's weird, 'cause I definitely think that all men are created equal. But, at the same time --

Morty: (Interupts him to shut him up) Okay! Um, the crystals should be really close.

Nancy: (Points at big pink crystals growing out of the ground) There they are!

(Morty and Nancy both run to collect some, but are stopped by Abradolph Lincoler.)

Abradolph Lincoler: Wait. Something's not right.

(A big two-headed creature attacks Abradolph Lincoler, knocking him down. Nancy shrieks.)

Abradolph Lincoler: Get the crystals! I'll handle the beast! Prepare to be emancipated from your own inferior genes! (He lunges at the creature, as he tackles it down. Nancy and Morty quickly grab some crystals and put them in a small bag.)

Nancy: Summer's gonna like me again.

(The creature is still attacking Abradolph Lincoler. It strikes him down. Nancy and Morty watch, concerned.)

(Abradolph Lincoler throws the dead alien creature, as he sits and leans on a giant rock, exhausted. He is suffering from severe bleeding cuts. Morty and Nancy run up to him.)

Morty: Lincoler, come on! Let's get out of here!

Abradolph Lincoler: Mein journey is over, Morty. (Grunts) I have something important to tell you.

(The screen cuts to the living room. Everyone is listening to Gearhead singing a song while playing his guitar.)

Gearhead: ♪ And the gears, they turned for a thousand years ♪ ♪ until the dark day that they stopped ♪

(Nancy and Morty run in)

Morty: (Huff) Rick, I got them! I got the crystals! (He hands Rick the bag)

Rick: All right! You did it, Morty. (Walks away)

Morty: Rick, wait! There's something you need to know. I couldn't have done it without Lincoler. He said that he was really sorry and that he loves you like a father.

(Nancy tears up)

Morty: He only wanted you to accept him, and he hopes that his final act would redeem him in your eyes. (Morty tears up and wipes his eye) He sacrificed himself to save all of us, Rick. He died.

(Nancy comforts Morty)

Rick: Well, at least he didn't die in vain. He got these crystals. (Rick cuts up the crystals into dust with his credit card, and snorts it up. Ricks eyes turn blue) And these babies just saved this lame-ass party! Wubba, lubba, dub, dub! Play something. Somebody, play something.

(A stereo robot presses a button to play a song. Morty and Nancy watch in confusion.)

Morty: Wait a minute. What?

(A song starts, as Rick prepares himself. Everyone else is watching, bobbing their heads to the beat of the music.)

Rick: (Dancing) ♪ Put your right foot forward ♪ ♪ and your left foot back ♪ ♪ then fucking slide around ♪ ♪ like on a nordictrack ♪

(People start to copy him)

Rick: ♪ move to the left ♪ ♪ step to the right ♪ ♪ wiggle your elbows, and look ♪ ♪ up into the light ♪

Song: ♪ it's the, it's the ♪ ♪ it's the Rick dance ♪ ♪ it's the, it's the ♪ ♪ it's the Rick dance ♪

(The people who aren't dancing are watching and bobbing their head. Tammy is sitting on Birdperson's lap. They are both enjoying the dance.)

Rick: Slow Mobius, hit me with the clock beam!

(Slow Mobius uses his magic clock wands to mess with time, and to make his dance look cool. A record rewinding can be heard.)

Song: ♪ It's the, it's the ♪ ♪ it's the Rick dance ♪

(The song ends.)

(Everyone cheers)

Rick: That's the Rick dance! All right! (burp) Whoa, man!

Morty: What the hell was that?! I thought those crystals were supposed to help us get home or something!

Rick: What? No, no, no. I can get us home whenever I want to. But, listen, speaking of those crystals, can I get the rest of them? I'm starting to come down, Morty. (His eye color turns back to normal) Crystal kalaxian is a really strong, but fleeting high. (He scratches the side of his face)

(Morty takes the bag of crystals and throws them outside. An alien grabs the bag and takes it away)

Morty: That's what I think of your crystals, Rick!

Rick: Oh, Morty, you idiot! Does anybody else have any more k-lax? B-birdperson?

(Birdperson shrugs)

Rick: Uh, squanchy?

Squanchy: Don't squaunch at me.

(The alien who took the crystals in seen doing the 'Rick dance' in the background.)

Morty: All right, everybody, party is officially over! Rick, take us home now.

Rick: All right, all right, fine, Morty, you party pooper buzzkill! Boo, boo! Morty sucks!

(Everyone starts booing at Morty.)

Tammy: Boo! You suck, whatever your name is.

Everyone: Boo!

Rick: Morty, you're the worst, Morty.

(Morty walks away, angry.)

Gearhead: But these gears just started turnin'.

(The scene cuts back to the Titanic. Nervous Jerry is drawing Lucy onto a notebook.)

Lucy: Almost finished, Jerry?

Jerry: Uh, almost. I haven't quite captured your beautiful eyes.

Lucy: (Still holding the gun) I'm sure it's good enough. Move!

(Screen cuts to the old-fashion car. Jerry and Lucy walk up to it.)

Lucy: Every weekend, Jacks and Roses have their Titanic experience in this car, and I have to mop it up. The floor drops out to make it easier. (She licks the car, as the floor of the car detatches.) But now it's my turn. We're going to get it nice and steamy in there, and I'm going to slam my hand on the steam and leave a nice handprint, and then you're going to love inside of me.

(Lucy shoves Jerry into the car. He whines in fear, as he clutches onto his drawing on the notebook.)

Lucy: No mess. No clean.

(A book is thrown at Lucy, knocking her out. Beth threw it.)

Jerry: (Reieved) Beth!

Beth: Bet you're glad I think kindles are dumb now.

(Jerry runs over to Beth, hugging her. He throws the notebook with his drawing onto Lucy, as a few men, including the tour guide.)

(Screen cuts to the parking lot of the Titanic getaway. Jerry and Beth are outside their car, while Jerry is packing their stuff into the back.)

Beth: I can't help but feel a little guilty. I didn't peg Lucy for a rapist.

Jerry: What does a rapist look like exactly, Beth? Is it a slavic man wearing a denim jacket with a patchy beard and the scent of cheap champagne wafting over his blister-pocked lips? (Feeling scared due to a flashback)

Beth: What?

(Jerry glances around, not answering.)

Beth: Well, at least you got all this free stuff. (She enters the door into the drivers seat, as Jerry closes the back door, and tries to fit a painting board from the titanic boat.)

Beth: Should be enough to satisfy your Titanic Jones for a while.

Jerry: (Puts the board into the passenger seat) Ugh! I'm not going to fit. (Hangs onto the board, recreating Jack's death from the Titanic movie. He slowly slips off) Beth, listen to me. You're going to get out of here. You're gonna go on, and --

Beth: (Interrupts Jerry) Jerry, just leave the door.

Jerry: It's not a door, Beth. It's debris.

Beth: I don't care. Just leave it.

Jerry: Yeah. Okay. (He takes out the board and leaves it on the ground, as he gets into the car. He has Lucy's necklace. He drops it out of the car window. Lucy is seen hanging onto the underneath of their car. The car starts moving)

Lucy: Ahahahah! "Cape fear"! Hahahaha! "Cape fear"! I'm -- I'm doing -- I'm -- I'm going to do like from "cape fear".

(Lucy accidentally lets go and gets run over by the car.)

Lucy: Ugh! Auh! Augh! (huff) (huff)

(Lucy is bleeding and very injured. She moans in pain, trying to crawl.)

(Screen cuts to where the hole is where Smith family's house was, as it teleports back there. People and aliens are seen leaving the house.)

Squanchy: Hey, squanchers! The party's squanching on at my place!

(Everyone cheers on with Squanchy. Brad and Jessica are seen exiting the house too. Brad's arm is around Jessica. Morty sees this, shocked.)

Summer: Cool. I'm coming, too.

Squanchy: (Stops Summer) Uh, no. You're not squanchy enough for a squanchy party.

Summer: What?

Squanchy: Nancy told us what a bitch you are. (Leaves)

(Nancy follows everyone else.)

Summer: Guys, seriously. Nancy?

Nancy: Summer, you're a bad person. All you care about is having popular people like you. That's not what Abradolph Lincoler stood for. Well, I-it was hard to pin down what he stood for, but it's certainly not what he died for.

(Nancy leaves out the door, and Morty slams the door, mad.)

(The house is completely trashed. Rick flops onto the couch and falls asleep, while Summer sits on the small couch. Morty picks up a garbage bag and tries to clean up the mess.)

Summer: Next time I party, I'm just gonna focus on getting totally wrecked. (To Rick) You're so wise.

Rick: (Groan) (Mumbles) Hmm, yeah. Mhh mhm... (Rick falls asleep, snoring)

(Birdperson is at the entrance to the back yard. Morty walks up to him as Birdperson hands him a piece of trash.)

Birdperson: May I assist you with that?

Morty: Uh, sure, yeah. (Takes the trash and puts it in the garbage bag) Thanks. (Continues to pick up trash)

Birdperson: Morty, do you know what "wubba lubba dub dub" means?

Morty: Uh, that's just Rick's stupid nonsense catchphrase.

Birdperson: (Walks up to Morty) It's not nonsense at all. In my people's tongue, it means, "I am in great pain. Please help me."

Morty: Well, I got news for you. He's saying it ironically.

(Summer gets up from the couch and walks away.)

(Morty walks over to the giant hole that's blasted into the wall. Birdperson follows.)

Birdperson: No, Morty. Your grandfather is, indeed, in very deep pain. That is why he must numb himself.

Morty: Come on, um...

Birdperson: Birdperson.

Morty: Come on, birdperson. Rick's not that complicated. He's just a huge asshole.

Birdperson: Then why do you care so much if you are no longer allowed to continue on your adventures together? It appears fate has presented you with an opportunity to free yourself of Rick forever.

Morty: You know what? You're right. I shouldn't even care. This is probably the best thing that could have happened to me.

(Morty walks into the kitchen and throws the garbage bag on the floor. Summer is seen cleaning up the table by removing empty cups.)

Morty: I'm sick of having adventures with Rick.

Birdperson: My people have another saying-- "gubba nub nub doo rah kah". It means, "whatever lets you sleep at night".

(Summers phone sounds a notification. She checks it.)

Summer: Guys, mom and dad are, like, right around the corner.

Birdperson: This is your moment, Morty. Choose wisely. Tammy!

(Tammy jumps onto his back, and he takes flight.)

Birdperson: Caw!

(Morty looks out the window to see Beth and Jerry's car drive around the corner and towards the house. He looks back to Rick, who is still napping.)

Summer: Wow. We are so screwed.

Morty: (Walks over to Rick, and shakes him) Rick, wake up.

Rick: Huh? What? Wait? What? What? Stop.

Morty: Rick, you got to do something quick. My parents are home.

Rick: Augh. Uh, all -- all right. (Sits up and grabs a glass of water sitting on the coffee table.) All right. Hold -- hold on. (He drinks from the glass) Ahh! So good.

(Morty looks out the window again.)

Morty: Oh, my God. They're walking up the driveway.

Rick: Bring me the thing.

Morty: What -- what thing?

Rick: (Rubbing his forehead and focusing) The thing. The thing. The -- the -- it's got, like, buttons on it and lights on it. It -- it -- it beeps.

Morty: Rick! That describes everything in your garage!

Summer: (Walks up to Rick with a remove device) Do you mean this?

Rick: Summer (burp) for for the win.

(Rick presses a button on the device, as orange rays of light flash.)

Rick: All right, that should do it.

Morty: Whoa! What did you do?

Rick: Uh, s-see for yourself.

(Morty and Summer walk out of the house to discover that Rick has paused time. Beth and Jerry are stuck in place, and nothing is moving.)

Summer: Whoa!

Rick: Yeah, e-everything's frozen in time. Yeah, and slow mobius thinks he's all that.

Morty: For how long?

(Summer waves her hand in Jerry's face to get his attention. He doesn't respond.)

Rick: I don't know. How long do you guys want? A week? A month?

Summer: Can we start cleaning the house and see how we feel?

(The scene cuts to multiple scenes of a montage of Rick, Morty, and Summer doing stuff together and having fun.)

(They are seen cleaning up the living room. Morty vacuuming, Summer wiping down a coffee table, and Rick sweeping.)

(The scene cuts to the three painting the now repaired wall. As Rick turns around, he accidentally flicks some paint onto Summer. The three then start flicking paint at each other for fun.)

(The scene cuts to Rick, Morty and Summer carving pumpkins, and placing them onto Beth and Jerry's heads)

(The scene cuts to the three running down a busy street, pulling the people's pants down, exposing them.)

(The scene cuts to the three running into Best Buy, and taking a new TV.)

(The scene cuts to Rick, Morty and Summer watching the Titanic on their new TV outside. The movie just ended.)

Rick: Worst movie ever.

Summer: Dumb.

Morty: Ooh, boy, what a waste of time.

(Everyone realises the joke, and laugh together.)

Morty: Get it? You know, 'cause it's frozen.

Summer: This has been so much fun.

Morty: Hey, Rick. You know, this whole time, I haven't once heard you say that "wubba lubba dub dub" thing that you usually say.

Rick: Don't need to. I have a (burp) new catchphrase.

Morty: Oh, yeah? What -- what's that, Rick?

Rick: love my grandkids.

Morty and Summer in unison: (Hug Rick) Aww.

Rick: Psych! Just kidding -- my new catchphrase is, "I don't give a fuck".

(Rick turns on a radio, as he sings the lyrics, and dances. Morty and Summer join in.)

Rick and the song: ♪ Just shake that ass, bitch, and let me see whatcha got ♪ ♪ just shake that ass, bitch, and let me see whatcha got ♪ Roll credits! ♪ Just shake that a-- Roll the credits! Go! ♪ Just shake that ass That's the end of season one!

(The screen zooms out.)

Rick: That's the end, motherfucker! "I don't give a fuck" is my new catchphrase! Fuck you! That's season one! Boom! Season one up in your face, motherfucker! Yeah!

(CREDITS)

(END CREDITS SCENE)

(Abradolph Lincoler is seen still dead on the rock. But he opens his eyes.)

Abradolph Lincoler: Revenge.

(Abradolph Lincoler gets picked up by an alien.)

Abradolph Lincoler: What?!

(The alien stuffs him into it's hole. Another alien comes up to him, and takes the shirtless guy out of it's hole.)

Shirtless guy: Party!

(The other one pulls Abradolph Lincoler back out of it's hole, and they swap people with their holes. More aliens show up as they join in on it. Abradolph Lincoler and the shirtless guy are going back and forth into the aliens.)

Shirtless guy: Whoo, baby!

Abradolph Lincoler: Please, stop!

Shirtless Guy: Hey, brah!

Abradolph Lincoler: I don't understand. Are you enjoying this? Do you like this?

Shirtless Guy: Yeah, you know it, dawg! Whoo, baby!

Transcripts Wiki
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY
 FANDOM
GAMES
MOVIES
TV
VIDEO
WIKIS
START A WIKI
ADVERTISEMENT
Transcripts Wiki
25,352
PAGES
EXPLORE
WIKI CONTENT
COMMUNITY

in: Rick and Morty Transcripts
A Rickle in Time
VIEW SOURCE
Rick and Morty: Season: 2 Episode: 1


[Open aerial view/zoom on Morty’s House]

(Morty, Rick, and Jerry)

(Everything is frozen besides Morty, Rick and Summer. Morty is vacuuming Jerry with a hand vac.)

(Enter: Summer)

Summer: Hurry up Morty, Grampa’s about to unfreeze time. You know you really should be cleaning from top to bottom.

Morty: I know how to vacuum Mom and Dad, Summer, I’ve been doing it for six months!

Summer: Then you’ve been doing it wrong for six months. Oh my god is that mildew?

Morty: It’s not my fault we froze time on a humid day!

Summer: You have dropped so many balls, man. Do you ever get scared Grampa Rick might make me his new sidekick?

Morty: What? What kind of monster are you?

Summer: A competent one.

Rick: Who cares about the *belch* thing you guys are talking about. The whole point of freezing time is to stop giving a *ck. Put a shirt on your dumb dad and let’s get this dumb universe rolling. Let’s do this thing.

(Morty puts shirt on Jerry backwards.)

Rick: Alright, listen you two, we froze time for a pretty long time, so when I unfreeze it, the world’s time is gonna be fine, but our time’s gonna need a little time to, you know, stabilize.

Morty: Our time is gonna be unstable? What does that even mean?

Rick: It means relax and stop being a pussy, Morty. I thought you learned that by now. It also means don’t touch your parents or we could shatter into countless theoretical shards.

Morty: Wait a minute, what?

Rick: And away we go!

(Rick unfreezes time.)

(Mr. Benson falls off the roof.)

Morty: Uh, did we ever put that mattress under Mr. Benson?

Rick: Shhh, Morty!

(Jerry opens the door angrily)

Jerry: …A THING OR TWO ABOUT… wait, what? Was the house…? When we pulled up I could have sworn the house was completely trashed.

Rick: Negative visualization, Jerry. It explains a lot about where you’re at. Hi, sweety.

Beth: Hi, dad.

(Summer and Morty recoil from Beth as she approaches to hug Rick)

Beth: Summer, Morty, are you okay?

Morty: W-We just missed you a lot.

Summer: Yeah, we missed you so much. Too much to hug you though.

(Rick motions Summer and Morty behind him.)

Rick: Yeah it would literally destroy them. Now listen, why do—why do—why—why don’t you guys go get a free sunday ice cream, (Rick puts a rubber band around a rolled up wad of cash) go out there and get some ice creams. Here’s five hundred dollars cash in unmarked moneys. I’m just gonna put it on the floor and uh, kick it on over to ya. You guys go nuts.

Jerry: This better not be a bribe. If I find a single thing out of place in this house, my love of ice cream won’t save you. I’ll get my jacket.

Beth: Sweety, is your shirt on backwards?

<Simultaneously---

Summer: *Gasp*

Morty: Oh!

Rick: Uh oh.

-------------->

Jerry: Yeah, I like it this way. I’m not stupid.

<Simultaneously---

Morty: Phew…

Summer: *Exhales*

-------------->

Rick: Man that guy is the Red Grin Grumble to pretending he knows what’s going on. (Morty and Summer laugh) Oh you agree, huh? (Summer: Funny) You like that Red Grin Grumble reference? (Summer: Yeah.) Well guess what? I made him up. You really are your father’s children. Think for yourselves, don’t be sheep.

[Intro sequence]

[Trans. Outside Morty’s house]

(Mr. Benson is being loaded into an ambulance.)

[Trans. Inside Morty’s house]

Summer: God, I feel terrible.

Rick: Yup, it really makes you appreciate how fickle the universe can be. (Rick opens refrigerator) [Trans. Inside refrigerator] One minute you’re falling off a roof for six months, the next minute, bam!

[Trans. Inside Morty’s house]

Morty: Uh, just to be clear, it was Summer’s job to put the mattress under-

Summer: (interrupting) Uh, what? It was your job, Morty. (Summer pokes Morty.)

Morty: Nuh uh!

Summer: Yeah huh!

Rick: Actually, sorry Summer, I gotta back the M bomb on this one. I remember the conversation. We told Morty to replace all the bank’s money with cookies, your job was to put the mattress under Mr. Benson.

Morty: Boom! In your face Summer! You really dropped the ball, man.

Summer: Shut up Morty, you vindictive little turd!

Morty: You shut up you big… female asshole!

(Alternate selves first appear)

Alternate Morty: Hey, don’t shove me!

Summer: I didn’t!

Morty: You didn’t what?

Alternate Summer: What’s your problem?

Morty: What’s yours?

Alternate Summer: Shut up!

Morty: You shut up!

Rick: Whoa whoa wh-what the hell hell hell hell hell?

(Time splits into two - alternate timelines will be ordered from top to bottom, left to right.)

All Ricks: Oh god, oh no, what did you guys just do?

Summer 1: What do you mean?

Summer 2: What could we do?

All Summers: Wait, what am I saying?

Rick: *belch* Were either of you guys uncertain about anything just now?

All Mortys: Oh man… I don’t feel good.

Morty 1: Am I me? I think so.

Morty 2: A-am I talking right now?

All Mortys: Wait, who said that?

All Ricks: Alright both of you, just don’t move, don’t speak, don’t think. I have to check something.

Summer 1: What should we do Morty?

Summer 2: I’m gonna help Grampa.

Morty 1: Let’s see if he needs help.

Morty 2: What do you mean you’re gonna help him.

Summer 1: Ugh, I can help too.

[Trans. Inside Rick’s garage]

All Mortys: What’s going on Rick?

All Summers: What’s happening Grampa?

All Ricks: Shut up! (Rick turns on a monitor) Oh crap are you kidding me? Two dots? This never needs to be more than one dot. The two of you made us uncertain!

Morty 1: What do you mean?

Morty 2: What? In English?

Summer 1: What? English please?

Summer 2: What are you talking about?

All Ricks: Our time is fractured. You two somehow created a feedback loop of uncertainty that’s split our reality into two equally possible impossiblities. W-we’re exactly like a man capable of sustaining a platonic friendship with an attractive female co-worker. We’re entirely hypothetical.

All Mortys: But I thought there were infinite timelines.

All Ricks: We’re not on any timeline, dummy. Look.

(Rick opens the garage door, revealing floating cats, trees and islands.)

All Mortys: Oh my god!

All Summers: Are those cats?

All Ricks: I assume they’re Schrodinger’s cats. A-actually, I assume they both are and aren’t, just like us.

Summer 1 & Morty 2: Is the world gone? Where are Mom and Dad?

All Ricks: “Mom and Dad?” Get your head out of your family’s ass. The three of us are lost in a timeless oblivion. Your parents get to exist. They’re probably living it up in some pointless grounded story about their sh*t marriage.

[Trans. Inside Jerry’s car]

Jerry: Cold Stone Creamery is the best. What should we do with our remaining twenty dollars?

Beth: You realize they sing no matter how much you tip.

(Jerrry hits a deer.)

Beth: Holy shit! What happened?

Jerry: I hit a deer! W-we have to tell the cops you were driving.

Beth: W-what?

Jerry: This is Rum Raisin!

(Beth hands Jerry her ice cream, gets out of the car and goes over to the deer.)

Beth: It’s still alive.

Jerry: Well, do we- do I uh, get a big rock? Or-

Beth: It’s not an armadillo, asshole!

Jerry: I thought that’s what a man’s supposed to say, it’s not like I could have actually done it.

Beth: If we were near a hospital, I could treat it, but I-I think we have to just-

Jerry: It’s okay, this is just something that happens. And even if we were in a hospital, what could we do, you’re a horse surgeon, not a deer surgeon.

Beth: So…

Jerry: Well don’t different animals-

Beth: Require different levels of skill to keep alive?

Jerry: Oh god…

Beth: Get the deer in the car, Jerry.

Jerry: Yes Beth.

[Trans. Inside Rick’s garage]

All Ricks: This is why you don’t freeze time, you guys. It’s incredibly irresponsible.

Morty 1: And you did it so you could clean the house after a party.

Morty 2: And you did it so you could clean the house after a party?

All Ricks: Look, there’s no time to hold me accountable, Morty. Like literally no time. Look around. Uncertainty is inherently unsustainable. Eventually everything either is or isn’t. And we’ve got about four hours to be “is”.

Morty 1: Or…

Morty 2: Or?

All Ricks: We “isn’t”

All Ricks: Alright, since this time crystal exists in both possibilities, and since it’s impossible that I didn’t nail this, I’m probably about to press this button in both possibilities at exactly the same time.

Morty 1 & Summer 2: How do you know you’re gonna-

All Ricks: Whatever you’re asking, the answer is I’m amazing. And away we go!

(Rick presses a button, the timelines almost merge)

Rick: Huh, what do you know, it’s working

Summer 1: Ow, ow ouch!

Morty 2: Whoa, ow, ow.

Rick: Oh shit.

(Realities separate again)

All Ricks: What the hell is wrong with you two!? I-I m- I m- I mean you 4!?

All Mortys and Summer 2: That hurt! That was painful…

All Ricks: Good I’m glad it was painful. You do deserve it! I saw you, you’re both *belch* all over the damn place. We’ve been split for twenty minutes and your lives are already scattered to the quantum f***ing wind? What the hell do either of you have to be so uncertain about? Your brand of zit cream? Which chair to sit in while I do everything? Come on, spit it out!

All Mortys: Well you don’t exactly make it easy, Rick!

Morty 1: You make fun of me all the time and now Summer’s doing it too!

Morty 2: You’re always picking on me and now you got someone to kiss your ass!

Summer 1: Me? What about you? Would you get more excited to see me fail? You want Grampa all to yourself!

Summer 2: Me? You’re just as mean to me because you’re jealous, because you want Grampa all to yourself!

All Ricks: Alright, cool it, I see what’s happening here. You’re both young, you’re both unsure about your place in the universe, you both wanna be “Grampa’s favorite.” I can fix this. Morty sit here, Summer, you sit here. Now listen, I know the two of you are very different from each other in a lot of ways, but you have to understand that as far as Grampa’s concerned, you’re both pieces of shit. Yeah, I can prove it mathematically. Actually, let me grab my whiteboard. This has been a long time coming anyway.

[Trans. Outside animal hospital.]

[Trans. Inside animal hospital.]

Beth: Emergency, wounded deer coming in.

[Trans. Inside animal hospital operating room.]

(Vet is taking a snake’s pulse.)

Vet: 3. Excuse me, you can’t be back here.

Beth: I’m a certified horse surgeon, and this deer needs medical attention. Nurse, please move that snake.

Vet: That’s my nurse, and as a horse surgeon, I’m sure that you know that deer have much smaller, much more intricate organs-

Beth: As a vet, I’m sure you know a deer is closer to a horse than you are to a doctor, so let’s save the measuring for when our dicks are out, it’s time to save a life!

Vet: Geez…

(Vet removes Snake from operating table. Beth and Jerry place deer on operating table.)

Beth: That’s odd, this deer’s wounded.

Jerry: Uh, yeah, I was there, you don’t have to rub it in.

Beth: I mean it’s been shot. With a gun.

Hunter: My gun.

Vet: May I help you, sir?

Hunter: No, but you can stop helping this deer. I shot it before these two hit it with their car and I followed them when they hauled it off. This deer belongs to me.

Beth: *sigh* We don’t have time for this, okay! I need anesthetic, and deer saline!

Vet: Look, I don’t know what the law says about this, but I took an oath that I would let no animal come to harm. Except when sterilizing, aborting or euthenizing them and also when eating them at almost any meal.

Hunter: I’m calling my lawyer. I hope for all our sakes you’re as bad a surgeon as I am a hunter.

Beth: In your dreams, bitch! Scalpel!

[Trans. Inside Rick’s garage.]

All Ricks: So in conclusion, you’re both equally mercurial, overly sensitive, clingy hysterical bird brained homunculi. And I honestly can’t tell the two of you half the time because I don’t go by height or age, I go by amount of pain in my ass, which makes you both identical. Alright, everything resolved? Everybody nice and certain about their position in my world?

All Mortys and All Summers: Yes.

All Ricks: Alright, perfect. Sit still, *belch* arms down, I’m gonna do this again, this time, be like Grampa.

Morty 2: You mean drunk?

Rick 1: And away we go!

Rick 2: What’s that? You got something to say?

Morty 2: No.

Rick 2: And away we go!

All Ricks: Huh, that’s weird. Oh my god.

All Summers: What?

All Ricks: That son of a bitch is gonna kill me!

Rick 2: Follicle unfeeling sociopath. Don’t you get it? He thinks he can save his own skin by using the crystal to kill me. He probably figures it’s easier to eliminate one of the possibilities rather than merge them. I have to admit, it’s always in the back of my mind too. The difference is I would never do it! Until now…

Rick 1: Don’t you get it? don’t you get it? The other Rick isn’t trying to merge us anymore. He thinks he can save his own skin by using the crystal to kill me. He probably figures it’s easier to eliminate one of the possibilities rather than merge them. I have to admit, it’s always in the back of my mind too. The difference is I would never do it! Until now…

All Mortys: Rick what the hell are you doing?

All Ricks: Saving our lives. After he takes me out he’s gonna be coming for you!

All Summers: Who?

All Ricks: Me!

Rick 2: You see that? Get down.

All Summers: Ahh!

All Mortys: Whoa whoa!

Rick 1: I told you he’s a psycho!

Rick 2: He’s lost it. The time fracture must have made him crazy!

Rick 1: I don’t know what to do! I don’t know what to do!

Summer 2 or 4 after splitting into 4 (not shown): Oh crap!

(Reality splits into 4 parts)

All Ricks: Oh god, now there’s three of them, we’re outnumbered! Get in the cupboards! Wait, don’t don’t do that, they’ll know… wait wait, think about getting in the cupboards but don’t really. AAAAH IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT YOU SICK *CKS? YOU WANNA SEE CHILDREN DIE?

[Trans. Inside animal hospital operating room.]

Beth: You son of a bitch, you don’t stop living until I SAY SO!

Lawyer: Michael.

Vet: Who’s this now?

Hunter: My lawyer.

Lawyer: I’m here to notify you ma’am, that in this county, any deer shot by a hunter is that hunter’s property, regardless of how far it runs, or who intercepts it before it dies. It’s called Brad’s law. We can’t make you stop the surgery, but at this point you’re performing it on venison.

Hunter: Actually, I’ve decided not to eat it. All this fear and conflict. I’m sure it’s ruined the meat. I’m just gonna use the head for my rec room wall.

Jerry: She normally works on horses.

Beth: Jerry, if you’re not gonna help, get the *ck out of here! I will reach into heaven and yank your screaming deer soul back!

Vet: Jesus…

[Trans. Inside Rick’s garage.]

All Ricks: Shh shh… I know where you are, you creepy old monster… I know how you think! Oh, is this where you think I’m going? You think I’m standing here? Well maybe you’re right!

(Morty knocks Rick out with a fire extinguisher)

All Summers: Holy shit, now what?

All Mortys: Well if all of me knocked out all the Ricks, and you peed in all of your pants, doesn’t that mean that we’re all synchronized?

All Summers: Right.

All Mortys: Okay… so from now on, whatever we do we have to be certain.

All Summers: Right…

All Mortys: I think I’m certain we’re F’d in the A.

[Cut to black]

[Trans. Outside the house in Schrodinger cat space]

All Ricks: Oh god, my head. What did you guys do?

All Mortys: We put you in a dog crate because you were acting crazy, and you caused another time fracture.

All Summers: You tried to kill yourself!

All Ricks: Only in self defense, myself tried to kill me first! Guys, I don’t expect you to understand this, but time breaking twice means our problem is two times bigger and we’ve got half as much time to solve it. Well actually, I do expect you to understand that, it’s basic math. C-could someone just let me out of here? If I die in a cage I lose a bet.

All Summers: Well is there some way you can prove you’re not a threat to yourself and others anymore?

All Ricks: Ah, for god’s sake, alright here, give me the time crystal.

All Mortys: W-what’re you doing?

All Ricks: Calling myself. Here, listen, *belch* it’ll probably go to voice mail since, you know, I’m calling myself.

All Rick phones: Hello, Rick here.

All Ricks: Don’t fall for it, it’s a bit.

All Rick phones: Just kidding, haha! You just got Ricked. You’ve reached Rick’s voicemail, you know what to do *beep*.

All Ricks: Hey Rick, it’s Rick. Listen, I’m sorry about earlier. No hard feelings. I know you know I mean it too. Take it easy. Whoa. Damn, look at this, I’m blown up. Three new voicemails. *voicemail repeats* Yeah yeah, I heard this one. *voicemail repeats two more times* You get the idea *belch* we’re cool now.

All Summers: Okay, well we’re still not gonna let you out of this crate.

All Ricks: Fine I’ll just do it myself.

All Mortys: If you could get out that whole time why didn’t you?

All Ricks: Because I waited until I was certain it was what I wanted to do, Morty. That’s the difference between you and me. I’m certain, and you’re a walking burlap sack filled with turds.

All Mortys: You know, geez Rick, y—y—you’re really tearing into me right now. You know, words hurt.

(Testicle Monster A floats into view in a bubble.)

Morty 1: Oh my god!

Morty 2: It’s a monster!

Morty 3: Oh my god! It’s a monster!

Summer 1: It’s a monster!

Summer 4: It’s a monster!

Testicle Monster A: Ey, ye ey, quit yellin’ quit yellin’.

Summer 1: *Screams*

Summer 4: Oh my god…

Morty 2, 3 and 4: *Screams*

Testicle Monster A: What the *ck?! Your time is all ripped up to hell! You broke your time, twice!

All Ricks: *sigh*

Testicle Monster A: How did this happen?

Summers 2 & 3: Yeah, but we don’t even know, the first time…

Morty 1 & 4: Who’s that Brother Newman time elf?

Testicle Monster A: Shut the *ck up! Oh, damn, I’m from the 4th dimension. I can hear all o’ y’all. Now let’s just see what we got here for a second.

All Ricks:' *'groan*

Testicle Monster A: Ay, damn it, were you tryin’ to use this to- oh, see, you broke time, and you thought you could just stick it back together with this? How you think you gonna move time while you’re standin in it you dumn ass three-dimensional monkey ass dummies?

All Mortys: Oh way to go, Rick.

All Summers: Yeah Grampa, way to go.

All Ricks: Oh, what you’re just gonna listen to this guy now? He’s got a giant testicle for a head! He came here in a bubble. For all we know he could be the David Berkowitz of Nutsack Land.

Testicle Monster A: Shut up. Here, put these on. They’ll sync your possibilities up so I can bring you back to certain time. Y’all just-just negligent, now ay, ay, ay, the three of you, put your collars on!

Summer 1, 2 and 3: What are you talking about?

Morty 1, 2 and 3: We have them on.

Rick 1, 2 and 3: Uh, we did…

Rick 4: We’re not wearing collars.

Testicle Monster A: Exactly, because you’re being obstinate.

Rick 1, 2 and 3: *belch* What?

Morty 1, 2 and 3: We did!

Summer 1, 2 and 3: They’re on right now.

Rick 4: Alright, fine. Summer, Morty, put ‘em on.

(Alternate timelines merge into one)

Rick: Yes, we’re back, problem solved.

Summer: Yes, we’re back to our own time.

Morty: Yes no more cats, no more cats, oh you did it, you fixed it.

Testicle Monster A: Yeah, now keep those collars on so you don’t break your weak ass time again.

Rick: How long exactly do we have to wear these things? They’re really embarassing.

Testicle Monster A: Well since you’re goin’ to time prison, I’d say you can keep em on forever.

Summer: Time prison?

Testicle Monster A: Yeah, well I don’t know where you expect me to think you got that crystal over there, but the only way you dumb ass, assin’ ass asses could ever have one, is if it was stolen.

Summer: You stole a time freezing crystal from testical monsters?

Rick: I would have been happy to pay for it, Summer, but they don’t exactly sell them at Costco. Besides, there’s a larger lesson to be learned here. Get him!

Testicle Monster A: Ututututut! You’d better keep back! Man this will turn your ass into a third trimester fetus from 30 yards.

[Trans. Inside animal hospital operating room.]

Vet: Hmm…

Beth: Isn’t there a kitten somewhere that needs a manicure?

Lawyer: That’s right Mrs. Smith, *whispers* give in to your anger. Neglect that deer.

Jerry: Honey, it’s gonna be okay. These men are from the Cervine Institute of Elk, Moose Deer and Stag. They can take this deer to a helicopter and fly it to the country’s top deer surgeon on a wildlife reserve across the state border, where your jurisdiction ends.

Vet: I guess that’s the end of that.

Lawyer: There is just one more thing. According to this state’s veterinarian statute, this animal can’t be transferred until the current attending physician verbally confirms their inability to provide adequate care. You heard the man horse doctor, you have to say you couldn’t hack it.

Jerry: We did it…

[Trans. Inside Rick’s garage.]

Testicle Monster A: (On phone) Uh-huh, no motha- no, Earth, dude, I’m talking ‘bout, yeah, with the dinosaurs. No, if you’ve get to the dolphin people you’ve gone too far. Alright man, I’ll talk to you later, okay. (hangs up) You know what they do with 3rd dimensional life forms in time prison? Same thing they do in every other prison, only forever.

Morty: Why are you doing this?

Testicle Monster A: You think I wanna be an omniscient immortal being transcending time and space my whole life? I got ambitions man, bringin’ you guys in is my ticket up.

Rick: What if I told you there’s a huge ticket up right behind you?

Testicle Monster A: You really think I’m that stupid?

Rick: Alright, hear me out on this. You’re immortal, right, which means your life is infinite. Well in that case there’s 100% chance that you’ll eventually do everything, including turning around to look behind you.

Testicle Monster A: I cannot argue that.

(Rick hits the creature with a wrench and grabs the organic gun he was holding)

Rick: Ah, god, gross and weird!

(Rick drops the gun and it crawls toward the street)

Testicle Monster A: Chris!

(The gun/Chris runs into the road and is run over by a car)

Testicle Monster A: You killed my gun!

Rick: Summer, Morty, take off your collars!

Testicle Monster A: What? What the hell are you doing?

Rick: Good question. I suppose the answer is: I’m not certain!

Testicle Monster A: Oh, no, what are you doin’?

(Time splits into 2 timelines)

Rick 1: I have no idea!

Rick 2: I’m not sure.

(Time splits into 4 timelines)

All Ricks (off sync): Maybe I will, maybe I won’t.

(Time Splits into 8 timelines)

All Ricks (off sync): I’m really uncertain about everything, even kicking your ass!

Testicle Monster A: Lis- ay, to, AH. But these arms are vestigial. Now you poked me where an eye would have been about six million years ago.

All Summers (off sync): Come on, let’s help Grampa.

All Mortys (off sync): Yeah. I’m like a hundred percent not sure about anything.

(Time splits twice, now 32 Timelines)

Summers 1, 2, 3, 8, 9, 10, 12, 17, 18, 20, 25, 28, 29, 31: Beat his ass!

Summers 1, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 10, 11, 14, 16, 18, 19, 23, 25, 27, 28: Get him!

Summers 2, 6, 9, 12, 13, 15, 17, 20, 21, 22, 24, 26, 29, 30, 31, 32: Beat him up!

(Zooms in to only show one timeline: Timeline 23)

Morty 23: Kick his ass Rick!

(Ricks, Mortys, and Summers hit Testicle Monster A one last time, he falls back and his head explodes.)

Testicle Monster A: Ow, I’m defeated…

Summer 23: What’s happening?

Rick 23: Time is falling apart, we’ve got to get back to certainty, quick! Give me your collars!

Morty 23: Oh man, don’t you have to fix like, thirty of them?

Rick 23: Morty, I have to fix three of them, and then there’s thirty-one other versions of me that have to also fix three for a total of 96. I’m not an idiot. I know how to be decisive, now hand me that (Phillips/Flathead) screwdriver. Actually, make it a (Phillips/Flathead).

(Time splits into 64 timelines)

All Ricks (off sync): Oh, shit.

[Trans. Inside Jerry’s car]

Jerry: Look, I know I was kind of a nuisance today. I know it’s my fault we hit the deer, and I know you wanted to be the one to save it.

Beth: Whatever. How petty would I have to be to care less about an animal’s life than my own ego?

Jerry: Hmm… you’d have to be pretty petty. But you’d still be the woman I married.

Beth: Where are we going?

Jerry: One last stop.

Beth: Where’s the helicopter?

Jerry: There is no helicopter, and there is no Cervine Institute.

Beth: But the top deer surgeon…

Jerry: I’m looking at her. Thanks for F.D.’ing me up like that.

Cold Stone Employee: You’d better get moving, these lights are designed for basic ice cream work, they’re not gonna last all night.

Beth: I need 5 minutes.

(Short slow-panning montage of surgery)

Beth: Jerry, this was the most romantic weekend I’ve ever had.

Jerry: Thanks to Cold Stone Creamery.

Cold Stone Employee: You’re welcome.

[Trans. Inside Rick’s garage.]

(Zoom in to Timeline 30)

(Presumably) All Ricks: Okay, we’re out of time. It’s ironic, huh?

Morty 30: Rick!

Rick 30: What’s goin’ on?

Morty 30: The collar, oh, the latch is broken! It won’t latch closed around my neck!

(Zoom pan to Timeline 28)

(Presumably) All Mortys Except Morty 30: What’s wrong, how come our collars aren’t green?

(Presumably) All Ricks Except Rick 30: Obviously because someone doesn’t know how to put his collar on and one of me is stuck trying to help him.

(Presumably) All Mortys Except Morty 30: Don’t blame this on me, you’re the one that couldn’t fix a latch!

(Zoom pan to Timeline 30)

Rick 30: What are you talking about, it’s not broken, Morty, I fixed it, just put it on!

Morty 30: It won’t close, it’s broken!

Rick 30: Fine, bring it here.

Morty 30: Ooh, ooh, Rick!

(Zoom pan to Timeline 15)

(Presumably) All Ricks Except Rick 30: Oh, really, Morty? Well I’m sorry, I’m not the one that’s so *cking uncertain about everything!

(Presumably) All Mortys Except Morty 30: You know what I’m certain of, Rick? I’ve really made up my mind about this, I never wanna see you again!

(Presumably) All Ricks Except Rick 30: You’re never gonna see anything again you little dummy! You killed us!

(Zoom pan to Timeline 30)

Rick 30: God, damn it!

Morty 30: Ooh

Rick 30: Morty where’s your collar I’ll fix it

Morty 30: I dropped it

(Presumably) All Ricks Except Rick 30: What the hell? What have you done to me Morty?

Rick 30: I’m okay with this. Be good Morty. Be better than me. Bullsh*t The other collar! I’m not okay with this! I am not okay with this! Oh sweet Jesus please let me live. Oh my god I—I’ve gotta fix this thing, please God in Heaven, please God oh Lord, hear my prayers. Yes, *ck you God, not today bitch.

(Presumably) All Ricks Except Rick 30: Please God if there’s a Hell, please be merciful to me.

Rick 30: Yes I did it! There is no God. In your face. One dot, mother*ckers!

Morty: Yes, oh, yes, yes!

Summer: Woohoo! Whoo! Whoo!

Morty: Oh, that was a close call. Oh yeah, do it Rick, do it right.

Rick: You know what I’m talking about, oh yeah. I’m gonna do the cabbage patch, Morty. Check me out I’m doing the cabbage patch dance. It’s a classic dance, remember, like this. Oh shit look at that.

Morty: Do the cabbage patch. Do—do—do the dance.

Summer: Hey wait a second, how come you guys took longer to get here?

Morty: I don’t know. I think like one sixty-fourth of my collars didn’t work. It’s hard to keep straight now that I have sixty three other memories of everything.

Rick: Yeah.

Morty: But I feel like one of the sixty-four Ricks like, sacrificed himself for me, maybe, I think.

Rick: Shut up Morty. The last time you felt something, we all almost died. You little s—piece of shit.

Beth: Hey guys, we’re home.

(Summer and Morty run up and hug Beth and Jerry, respectively.)

Morty & Summer: Mom, Dad!

Jerry: Um, hold the phone, where did you guys get those necklaces from? Uh, Lady Gaga, table for three, am I right?

Beth: *laughs*

Jerry: Are you guys Power Rangers? But only on one small part of your necks? Hey do those things need batteries? Were they included? Clean up in the fruit isle! Not in a homophobic way though, they’re just fruity necklaces is all I was saying.

Beth: *laughing* I’m gonna pee my pants.

Morty: Doesn’t feel so good does it?

Rick: No it doesn’t. It hurts.

Beth: I’m gonna pee-hee-hee.

Jerry: Somebody call the planet of Tron, we have three Tron people over here. But seriously are these Halloween costumes? Are you going as motorcycles? With green headlights instead of normal ones? Are you dogs? Robot dogs? Gosh, you guys are lame. Are those chokers from the 90’s? What is this a 90’s nostalgia thing? Are you guys in that movie “The Craft” with Fairuza Balk?

[End credits]

[Trans. Testicle Monster travelling through time, stops at ice age with a wooly mammoth in the background.]

Testicle Monster A: Hey man, when the hell were you?

Testicle Monster B: Looking for you, asshole.

Testicle Monster A: I told you past the dinosaurs.

Testicle Monster B: You know how much time is past the dinosaurs? Half of all time!

Testicle Monster A: Come on man, it’s this way…

Testicle Monster B: Come on, give me that thing, speed it up, he can’t be this far back.

[Monster A spots a man that looks Rick writing on a chalkboard]

Testicle Monster A: There he is, there he is, there he is, there he is, stop, stop.

[Man who looks like Rick turns around; it turns out to be Albert Einstein]

Testicle Monster B: So that’s the guy, huh?

Testicle Monster A: Yeah, that’s him. Hey, man, remember me? [him and Monster B starts beating up Einstein, knocking him to the ground] I got something for your ass! You don’t mess with time! You don’t f*** with time, mother****er! [him and Monster B leaves]

Albert Einstein: I vill mess vith time!

[Einstein gets up and determinately writes E=MC2 in the chalkboard]

Albert Einstein: I vill mess vith time…

[END]

[Open Ext. Rick's Ship in Outer Space]

(Morty drives, Rick sits in the passenger seat, and Jerry is in the back.)

Rick: Learning to fly this thing, Morty, it's gonna be really liberating. Y-Y-You’re gonna be free to go on all kinds of errands for me.

Morty: Cool.

Rick: *points out the window* See that planet right there? Don’t fly too close to that planet. Someone’ll come out and try to wash your windshield. (Rick’s phone rings.) Hold on. *picks up* Yup. Yeah, I have it. Where do you wanna meet? Alright, cool. *hangs up* Alright Morty, lesson’s over. We got some business to attend to a few lightminutes south of here.

Jerry: Oh, you still use ‘south’ in space?

Rick: *startled* WHOA! Jesus, Jerry, what the hell are you doing here?!

Jerry: What are you talking about? We agreed a boy’s father should be present when he’s learning to drive.

Rick: I guess I remember that. *rubs forehead* Wow. And you’ve just been back there this whole time? Amazing. Well we don’t have time to take him to Earth, Morty. Head for 3124-917.

Jerry: *chuckles* Cool! Looks like I’m comin’ along for an adventure!

Rick: Yep.

[Trans. Empty space]

Morty: This is where we’re going?

Rick: Nope. (An asteroid-like mass materializes before them.) This is. You can park in a handicapped spot, Morty. Anything with less than eight limbs is considered disabled here.

(Morty parks clumsily.)

[Trans. Int. Jerryboree]

(Human Music plays in the lobby as Rick signs Jerry in.)

Jerry-Sitter: Well look at this fella. *pinches Jerry’s cheek* Aren’t you handsome?

Jerry: Thank you! I’m Jerry. *extends hand*

Jerry-Sitter: *as if speaking to a child* Oh, I know you are. Did you come here in a spaceship?

(She guides Jerry through a set of doors.)

Jerry: I’m travelling with my son and father-in-law. Uh, wait, are they coming?

Jerry-Sitter: Oh, they’ll be back soon.

Jerry: What?

(A set of sliding doors open, revealing a room full of Jerrys from different dimensions.)

Pajama Jerry: I don’t know how this works!

Underpants Jerry: Help me!

Jerry: What the hell?

Pajama Jerry: I know, right?

Tuxedo Jerry: *enters room* Oh, what the hell?

Jerry: I know, right?

[Trans. Jerryboree Lobby]

Morty: *looking at a pamphlet* Jerryboree? You created a daycare for my dad?

Rick: You kidding? I wish I had this idea. Well… I did have this idea, but I wish I was the version of me that owned it. That guy’s rich.

Receptionist: Don’t forget to check the reason for your drop-off.

Rick: *checks off “Stowaway” and “Annoying me”* Trust me Morty, I’ve heard stories from other Ricks. Jerrys don’t tend to last five minutes off of Earth. This is a totally unregistered cross-temporal asteroid. Here they can romp and play with other Jerrys. It couldn’t be safer.

(As they walk out, Rick hands Morty a ticket.)

Rick: Hey Morty, hang onto this. That number’s your dad. If you lose it, we’re not gonna be able to get him back.

[Intro sequence]

[Trans. Parking garage]

(Morty parks the ship clumsily, damaging nearby vehicles.)

Rick: Okay, wait here.

Morty: I wanna come with.

Rick: Don’t come with. It’s boring, it’s *burps* business stuff.

Morty: What kinda business do you do in a garage? You know, this seems a little shady.

Rick: Right, like nothing shady ever happened in a fully furnished office? You ever hear about Wall Street Morty? Y-You know what those guys do in th—in their fancy board rooms? They take their balls, and they dip ‘em in cocaine, and they wipe ‘em all over each other. You know, Grandpa goes around, and he does his business in public because Grandpa isn’t shady.

(Krombopulos Michael knocks on Rick’s window.)

Rick: Ah, crap. *rolls down window* Hey, what’s up?

Krombopulos Michael: Hey, Rick! Haha! Here you go, three thousand Flurbos! D’you have the weapon?

Rick: Can… Can we please…? This is my grandson, Morty.

Krombopulos Michael: Well hi Morty! I’m Krombopulos Michael! I’m an assassin. I buy guns from your grandpa.

Rick: Ugh. *passes Krombopulos Michael a case containing the antimatter gun* Here, now go away.

Krombopulos Michael: *examines weapon* Ooh, yeah, this looks deadly. So this shoots antimatter? My target can’t be killed with regular matter. Nice to meet you, Morty! Listen, if you ever need anybody murdered, *passes Morty his card* please give me a call. I’m very discrete—

Rick: Y-Y-Y-You’re gonna give him your card?!

Krombopulos Michael: I have no code of ethics, I will kill anyone, anywhere! Children, animals, old people, doesn’t matter. I just love killin’!

(Krombopulos Michael leaves.)

Morty: …You sell weapons to killers for money?

Rick: Ugh… You’ve got what the intergalactic call a very planetary mindset, Morty. It’s more complicated out here! These are Flurbos. Do you understand what two humans can accomplish with three thousand of these?

Morty: Uh, what?

Rick: An entire afternoon at Blips and Chiiiitz!

[Trans. Blips and Chitz]

Rick: Aw, this place is the best. It’s got beer, games, prizes, and you can never tell what time it is.

Morty: You sold a gun to a murderer so you could play video games?

Rick: Yeah, sure, if you spend all day shuffling words around you can make anything sound bad, Morty. *puts a helmet on Morty’s head* Here, check this out.

(Morty’s eyes roll back into his head.)

[Trans. Roy’s room]

Roy: Ah!

(Roy wakes up, frightened and panting.)

Roy’s mother: Roy, what’s wrong?

Roy: I…had a nightmare. I was with an old man… He put a helmet on me.

Roy’s mother: It’s just a fever. Get some sleep, I don’t want you missing school on Monday. *walks out of the room and switches off the lights*

[Trans. Roy’s school]

Teacher: I want you kids to look around you today and think about your future. (Roy looks outside and sees kids playing with a football. He smiles.) Now is the time in your life when anything is possible.

[Trans. Football game]

(Roy is now older, and a football player.)

Announcer: Spiraling perfectly, it’s gonna be caught by Roy Parsons! Roy Parsons is at the 20! (Roy makes eye contact with a girl in the stands.) Now he’s at the 10! Nothing can stop Roy the Rocket! Touchdown!

[Trans. Roy’s kitchen]

(Roy is older, now married to the girl from the football game with a young son. They’re eating dinner.)

Roy’s wife: I just think it’s time to get realistic. Have you talked to my father about the carpet store? Roy?

[Trans. Carpet store]

(Roy now works at the carpet store. He gets a call from his doctor.)

[Trans. Doctor’s office]

Doctor: Had we caught it sooner… Well, hindsight is 20-20, Roy. What’s important is that we move quickly.

[Trans. Hospital room]

(Roy is battling cancer. His wife, older, sits with him.)

Roy: I’m not…ready to die…

Roy’s wife: *takes his hand* You’re not going to.

[Trans. Roy’s house]

(Roy survived surgery. His wife wheelchairs him into the house, where friends and relatives applaud his entry. A streamer reads “CANCER CAN’T BEAT THE ROCKET”)

[Trans. Carpet store]

(Roy is older still, now greying and wearing glasses.)

Customer: Hey, thanks for the carpet, Roy.

(Roy shakes his hand, then sits and looks fondly at a trophy that reads “World’s Greatest Dad.”)

Voice: *shouting from off screen* Hey Roy, you pull those Persian off-white shags for the clearance sale?

(Roy gets up and steps onto a short ladder to retrieve the rugs. He loses his balance.)

Roy: Whoa. Sh-shit! Shit!

(He hits the ground and dies. Text reads “GAME OVER”.)

[Trans. Blips and Chitz]

(Morty regains consciousness and removes the helmet, frightened and confused.)

Morty: Whoa! What the hell?! Wha—Where am I?! What the hell?!

Rick: Fifty-five years. Not bad, Morty. You kinda wasted your thirties though with that whole birdwatching phase.

Morty: *looks around, grips his head* W… Where’s my wife?

Rick: Morty. You were just playing a game. It’s called Roy. Snap out of it, come on. *hands him his tickets*

Morty: I’m Morty… You’re Rick… Hey, you sold a gun to a guy that kills people!

Rick: Lookit this. You beat cancer and then you went back to work at the carpet store? Boo.

(Rick sits in the seat to play Roy.)

Morty: Don’t dodge the issue, Rick! Selling a gun to a hitman is the same as pulling the trigger!

Rick: It’s also the same as doing nothing. If Krombopulos Michael wants someone dead, there’s not a lot anybody can do to stop him. That’s why he does it for a living? Now if you’ll excuse me, it’s time to thrash your Roy score. *puts on the helmet*

Morty: You could stop this killing from happening, Rick! You know, y-you did a bad thing selling that gun, but you could undo it if you wanted!

Rick: Uh-huh, yeah, that’s the difference between you and me, Morty. I never go back to the carpet store.

Alien: *passing by, sees Rick playing Roy* Holy shit! This guy’s taking Roy off the grid! (Other alien patrons gasp and congregate around Rick.) This guy doesn’t have a social security number for Roy!

(Morty looks at Krombopulos Michael’s business card, which shows his location, and walks away.)

[Trans. Jerryboree]

(Jerry approaches the Jerrysitter from earlier.)

Jerry: Hi, I’m sorry, I think there was a misunderstanding. I’m an adult and would like to go home, please.

Jerry-Sitter: Well of course! Right through that tube. *points to a tube in the wall*

Jerry: *muttering to self* Unbelievable. *approaches the tube and starts climbing in*

Jerry-Sitter: You’re doing great!

Jerry: *indignantly* I know how to crawl in a tube. *to himself, while crawling* Ugh… Come on… This is harder than it looks… (Suddenly the tube transitions into a slide.) Whoooooaaaa!

(Jerry lands in a ballpit in an area designed similarly to the Smith house. Other Jerrys are in the ballpit playing Marco Polo.)

Pink-shirt Jerry: Marco? (Jerrys laugh.) Marco?

Other Jerry: Come find me.

Pink-shirt Jerry: Marco? (Jerrys laugh again.)

(Our Jerry seems disturbed.)

Jerry: You guys are enjoying this? Don’t you feel a little… patronized?

Pink-shirt Jerry: How so?

(Someone dressed in a large Beth costume approaches the ballpit.)

Daycare Beth: Jerry!

Other Jerry: Beeeth.

Jerry: Oh, come on, this is ridiculous!

Daycare Beth: I love you, Jerry!

Jerry: Aw… Beth…

Daycare Beth: Who wants to come watch Midnight Run with director’s commentary on?

Jerrys: Oh! Yes! Definitely!

Daycare Beth: First one there gets to adjust the picture settings!

(Jerrys become more excited.)

Jerry: The factory tint setting is always too high! *climbs out of the ballpit and hurries after “Beth” with the other Jerrys*

Other Jerry: Out of my way!

Another Jerry: The factory tint setting is always too high!

[Timeskip]

(Daycare Beth sits on a couch with a Jerry on each side of her and dozens of other Jerrys surrounding them, watching Midnight Run.)

[Trans. Government outpost]

(Krombopulos Michael prepares to carry out the hit. He holds up a heart shaped locket with a picture of a presumed romantic partner in it, kisses the locket, and puts it away.)

Krombopulos Michael: Oh boy, here I go killin’ again!

(Krombopulos Michael sneaks through the building, killing several Gromflomite guards along the way before arriving in the chamber his target is kept. His target appears to be a strange, gaseous being. Krombopulos Michael draws his weapon, but before he can shoot, Morty crashes Rick’s ship through the ceiling, crushing him.)

Ship: You have arrived at Krombopulos Michael. Your destination is below.

Morty: *dazed* All out of off-white Persians… *gets out of the ship and realizes he killed Krombopulos Michael* Oh man, wha-wh-wh-what have I done?! *picks up KM’s arm and the antimatter gun*

Gromflomite: (pointing a gun at Morty) Drop the gun!

Morty: You don’t understand! This guy was gonna kill someone!

Gromflomite: I guess that makes two of us. *fires up his weapon*

(A portal forms through the guard, bisecting him down the middle, and Rick walks out of it.)

Rick: What are you doing Morty?! This is a Galactic Federation outpost! Look, I don’t have time to tell you my entire backstory, but Grandpa and government don’t get along!

Fart: You saved my life!

(Rick and Morty both turn to face the gaseous being.)

Rick: What?

Morty: Huh?! Are you Krombopulos Michael’s target? W-Wwwwhat’s your name?

Fart: My kind has no use for names. I communicate through what you call “Jessica’s feet.” No, “telepathy.”

Rick: Oh, good job, Morty. Y-Y-Y-You killed my best customer but you saved a mind-reading fart!

Fart: I like this name, ‘Fart.’ Morty, would you kindly release me by pulling that lever to the left of my cell? I am in great pain.

Rick: Morty, don’t do it. (Morty walks toward the lever.) Morty… (Morty glances at Rick before pulling the lever. Alarms start to sound as Fart escapes his cell.) Morty, you idiot!

Morty: Oh crap, let’s get you outta here!

Rick: We can’t get him outta here. He’s gaseous. He’s not gonna make it through a portal, Morty.

Morty: *stomps past Rick* Well then I guess we’re all getting in the car! Right, uh…

Fart: Fart.

Morty: No! Jus-j-j-just get in the car!

(Fart floats into the car and Morty sits in the driver’s seat.)

Rick: Morty, come on, I-I wanna go back to Blips and Chitz. I don’t wanna deal with this!

Morty: Y-You’ve been clear on the fact that you don’t wanna help, so just go away!

Fart: More are coming.

(Rick starts walking off.)

Rick: Screw this. I’m out.

(Rick forms a portal and leaves through it. Morty tries to start the car as a Gromflomite approaches, but it stalls.)

Morty: Oooh…! Come on, come on!

Gromflomite: Get out of the vehicle made of garbage or we will open fire!

Morty: *still trying to start the car* Oh no no no!

Gromflomite: Open fire!

(A portal appears directly above the guards and water pours out of it, flooding the room. Another portal appears on the floor, and the water and Gromflomites are sucked into it. A third portal then appears and Rick emerges through it, walking up to the car.)

Rick: Stupid-ass fart-saving carpet-store motherfucker! *shoves Morty out of the driver’s seat and takes the wheel* Move!

(Fart moves to the backseat as Morty takes the passenger seat.)

Rick: Wait, did you fuck with my seat settings?

(Morty buckles up and Rick begins adjusting the seat settings.)

Fart: More are coming.

(More Gromflomites storm into the room. Rick continues adjusting the seat.)

Morty: Rick!

Rick: Yeah, yeah. (He crashes the car into the Gromflomites before flying away from the outpost.)

[Trans. Gear World, Int. Gearhead’s shop/residence]

(Rick, Morty, and Fart wait while Gearhead works on the car. Morty and Fart are watching Gazorpazorpfield.)

Gearhead: Your geldon convertor is pretty dinged up.

Rick: That’s ‘cause my grandson drives like a male Obavradian. Yeah, I said it. Some stereotypes are based in fact.

Gearhead: Actually, it’s because of years of neglect. You really need to respect your gears, Rick. To you, they’re just wheels with teeth, but in my culture, wars have been fought, entire—

Rick: *interrupts him* So I’ve heard. Just fix it. *to Morty* I don’t think the Gromflomites can track us now, but it looks like we’re gonna be here for awhile. *lowers voice* Or, ya know, if you still have that gun K. Michael dropped, we can finish the job and go home.

Fart: You do understand I’m telepathic, right?

Rick: I’m being polite.

Morty: Rick, we’re taking him back where he belongs!

Rick: Yeah, where’s that? Are you going on a quest to find he who smelt it?

Fart: I came here accidentally through a wormhole located in what you call “get out of my head, Fart, I know you’re in here, la la la la—” No, in what you call the Promethean Nebula.

Rick: Oh great, just a hop, skip, and an 800 lightyear jump!

Morty: You know, you can leave any time you want, Rick.

Rick: *walks away, muttering* Whatever you wanna do you little punk-ass little bitch…

Fart: Thank you, Morty. You are not like other carbon-based life forms. You put the value of all life above your own.

Morty: That’s how things should be. It’s how they could be.

Fart: I could not agree more.

(Fart envelops Morty as “Goodbye Moonmen” begins.)

Fart: (singing over a montage formed from Morty’s imagination) The world can be one together / Cosmos without hatred / Stars like diamonds in your eyes. / The ground can be space (space, space, space, space) / With feet marching toward a peaceful sky. / All the moonmen want things their way / But we make sure they see the sun. / Goodbye, moonmen / You say goodbye, moonmen. / Goodby—

Rick: *holding a golf club* Shut the fuck up about moonmen! This isn’t a musical number. This is a fucking operation, we gotta be cool and fucking lay low!

[Trans. Jerryboree]

(A roomful of Jerrys on computers forward each other joke emails.)

Random Jerry: *opens email and laughs* Duck, duck, birdie? (All Jerrys open emails and laugh.) Very funny!

Jerry: Here comes another funny…

Other Jerry: Hahaha! Oh, this place is great.

Jerry: I almost wish I could stay longer than one day.

Other Jerry: *suddenly serious* You just might.

Jerry: W-What do you mean?

[Trans. Room of Forgotten Jerrys]

(The other Jerry from before leads our Jerry inside.)

Other Jerry: These are the Jerrys whose Ricks and Mortys never came back. (Forgotten Jerrys stand, sit, and lie around the room, generally looking despondent.) …They live here now.

Jerry: Uuuum…

[Trans. Gearhead’s place]

(Gearhead continues working on the car while the others watch Ball Fondlers. The show is cut off by Breaking News.)

Gear Anchor: No gear turnings as of yet in the curious case of these unidentified humanoid fugitives (An image of Rick and Morty in the car as Rick was adjusting the seat settings appears onscreen.) reportedly at large somewhere within the Gear System.

Rick: Son of a… *approaches Fart* Why were the Gromflomites holding you prisoner? What the fuck is so valuable about you?

Fart: I am no more valuable than life itself. However, I am able to alter the composition of atoms, like this. (An electric fuzz seems to go through the gaseous cloud and a lump of gold materializes, dropping to the ground beneath him.) That was oxygen. I added seventy-one protons to it.

Rick: *picks up the gold* Ah, terrific. The fart that pooped gold. No wonder every cop in the system is lookin’ for us! *pockets gold* Any species that gets a hold of this thing is gonna use it to take over the galaxy. Do you know how inconvenient that’s gonna be to my work?

(Sirens sound outside. Rick rushes to the window and sees police in flying vehicles have surrounded the place.)

Rick: Somebody dropped the dime on us. Gearhead… *turns around*

Gearhead: *pointing a gun at Rick* I’m sorry, Rick. The reward on your head is too high. And like you always say, you gotta look out for Number One.

Rick: Number One is me, asshole! You’re supposed to be my friend!

Gearhead: Friend? Do you even know my real name? It’s Revolio Clockberg Junior. I belong to an entire species of gear people. Calling me ‘Gearhead’ is like calling a Chinese person ‘Asia-face.’

(Rick notices a nearby box of twigs, marked with a warning. He throws them at Gearhead and they get caught in his mouth, causing him to drop the gun.)

Gearhead: No, not twigs!

(Rick kicks Gearhead in the crotch, removes his gear-testicles, pulls two gears out of his mouth, and shoves the gear-testicles in their place while Gearhead moans in pain, clutching his mouth and groin.)

Rick: Two things I wanna make clear to everybody in this room. Never betray me, and it’s time to go.

(Rick, Morty, and Fart get in the car and fly out through a window. Two gear police enter.)

Gear Policeman #1: Nobody move!

(Gearhead waves his hands, trying to communicate. The officers see how he’s been disfigured.)

Gear Policeman #2: Oh my god.

Gear Policeman #1: Are those…?

(Both vomit oil and metal.)

[Trans. Ext. Gear World]

(Rick leads police on a flying chase, shooting and driving at the same time. Numerous police cars crash, killing officers and civilians.)

Rick: Hey Morty, remember when you said selling a gun was as bad as pulling the trigger? How do you feel about all these people getting killed because of your choices?

Morty: I did the right thing, Rick!

Rick: Tell that to Gearhead’s gearsticles.

Morty: You did that!

Rick: Wrong! I’d be playin’ Roy right now. At a certain point, my hands are tied, Morty.

(Both don expressions of surprise as helicopters appear in front of them. Rick quickly steers the craft away and the chase continues.)

[Trans. Forgotten Jerrys room]

Jerry: *playing poker with other Jerrys, sighs* I can’t believe Rick did this. This is the eighth to the last straw.

Bearded Jerry: Ante up.

Jerry: You know what? *throws down cards* Screw it! I have a better gamble for your guys. *leans forward* I say we escape.

(Other Jerrys stare at him for several seconds.)

Bearded Jerry: If you want to leave, you can just go out the front door.

Tank-top Jerry: You think we’re kept here against our will? That would be illegal.

Jerry: But… If you can leave, then why are you still here?

Buzzcut Jerry: Same reason as you. *looks to other Jerrys for confirmation* …We’re Jerrys.

(Jerry stands in disgust.)

[Trans. Jerryboree lobby]

(Jerry is marching out.)

Jerry: I’m leaving.

Jerry-Sitter: Okay then, that was always allowed.

[Trans. Gearworld]

(The chase is still on. Rick stops his vehicle, and Gromflomite ships pass him, giving him a chance to shoot them. He drives off again and pulls out a gun.)

Rick: Morty, take the wheel!

(Rick and Morty clumsily swap seats.)

Morty: Whoa, whoa!

Rick: Whoa!

(Rick climbs into his seat as Morty buckles up.)

Rick: Geez, dammit, Morty! Who taught you to fly this thing?! *laughs* Haha, I’m kidding, I know that’s on me.

Morty: Um, Rick!

(An enormous craft lowers down before them. At this point, the car is surrounded.)

Rick: Shit. Well, I guess this is it.

Fart: Morty, crack the window.

(Morty open the window and Fart flies out, entering a gear policecar and entering the officer’s mind.)

Fart: I wonder why Greg is always so critical of my girlfriend.

Officer: Well… He’d probably like to have me to himself, that’s how friends are.

Fart: Or does he want her to himself?

(Fart induces an image in the officer’s mind of Greg having sex with his girlfriend. “Goodbye Moonmen” begins again.)

Fart: The world can be one together / Cosmos without hatred / Stars like diamonds in your eyes.

Officer: *anguished* My life is a fucking joke.

(He crashes his cruiser, setting off a chain of destruction of police and government vehicles as Fart continues singing. Rick and Morty look on from the car, shocked.)

Fart: Goodbye, moonmen. / You say, goodbye, moonmen.

(The destruction beings to kill civilians of Gearworld.)

Fart: Goodbye, moonmen… (Fart floats back in through the window and the song ends.) Alright, let’s proceed.

Rick: Damn. Can’t blame that on the dog. …Talk about silent but deadly. I-I’ve seen some nerve gas but ga- th-this gas got some nerve! Haha, you know what I’m sayin’?

Morty: *not amused* Are you done?

Rick: I’ll let you know, Morty. Gone with the wind, am I right? If you don’t like that one, Morty, an alt on that one could be, like…if I said Gasablanca! …Alright, I’m done. (Morty starts driving.) Let’s get to the Promethean Nebula, so my grandson can finish savin’ a life!

[Trans. Cross-temporal asteroid, customs]

(Jerry walks through a set of sliding doors and gets in line, intent on finding a way back home. He approaches the window.)

Garblovian: Ga-ga blahg blahg?

Jerry: Um… Earth, please?

(The alien stamps a ticket and passes it to Jerry.)

Jerry: Um… Is this… Do I pay?

Garblovian: Agah blahg-blah! (Jibberish continues as Jerry rushes away. Other aliens heckle him.)

Jerry: Sorry!

[Trans. Ext. Cross-temporal asteroid]

(Jerry passes a homeless alien holding a sign that says “WHY LIE? WILL USE GLEMS FOR GLOOBIES!” He then spots a creature that appears somewhat like a small hairless dog.)

Jerry: Hmm. Hmm… *hesitantly makes to pet the creature, but its face suddenly splays out in a tentacle formation* Agh! *runs away*

(Jerry runs into an alleyway where he’s met by a shirtless Garblovian, holding out a cup.)

Garblovian: Agah blahg blahg?

Jerry: I don’t…

Garblovian: *angrily* Agah blahg!

Jerry: What do you want?

Garblovian: *holds out cup* Agah blahg blah—

(The alien suddenly explodes into bluish goo. Some of it gets on Jerry.)

Jerry: Oh! *looks at self and begins panicking* Ahahaaaahhhhh….

(Two smaller Garblovians run up to Jerry, jabbering and holding out cups. Jerry runs away, and one drinks some of the bluish goo from its cup.)

Jerry: *wiping goo off himself* Uhhh… Huhhh…. (Stumbles upon two fleshy alien creatures mid-coitus.) Oooh! *runs away*

(Jerry now sits on a lone bench under a streetlight, looking around the alien world in obvious fear and flinching at strange noises.)

[Trans. Int. Jerryboree]

(Jerry walks back inside, hanging his head. The Jerry-Sitter smiles cheerfully. He approaches some of the same Jerrys from before. They’re trying to set up a television.)

Tank-top Jerry: Hey, are you the one that left?

Jerry: *single nod*

Tank-top Jerry: I get it. It’s… uh… a hassle out there.

Jerry: *suddenly less forlorn* Right? Who needs that?

Other Jerrys: *to one another* Right? Not me.

Paul: Oh-ho, not us!

Jerry: Uh… Who are you?

Paul: Oh, excuse me. Paul Fleishman. *shakes Jerry’s hand* Infinite timelines! In some of them Beth remarries.

Jerry: …Geez…

Paul: Don’t worry. I treat Beth very well, and I do not overstep my bounds with Morty. Every kid needs a dad, but there’s no replacing you. Hey, you wanna give us a hand with this? *gestures to the TV* We’re trying to figure out how to get the sound coming through the stereo instead of the TV. I-I-I don’t—It’s very difficult.

Jerry: Oh. Uh, well, is there an Aux input?

Tank-top Jerry: I tried that, but there’s two different colors.

(Pans out to show several clusters of Jerrys also working on identical television sets.)

Various Jerrys: Uh… There’s two different colors.

[Trans. Promethean Nebula]

(Dinosaur-like creatures eat plant matter in what appears to be a vast jungle. Rick’s ship flies into view. Rick is now behind the wheel.)

Fart: The wormhole is seventy of what you call ‘meters’ what you call ‘north’ of what you call ‘here.’

Rick: Fine. Morty, take your fart to his hole and say your goodbyes. I’m gonna find some fuel and take a biiiig fat Morty. (Morty gets out of the car.) That’s my new word for ‘shit’ because of today’s events.

(Morty and Fart head north, soon finding the wormhole.)

Fart: Here it is. This should take me back to my kind.

Morty: I’m gonna miss you, um, Fart. I’m really sorry your name became Fart.

Fart: I will be back soon, Morty.

Morty: *excited* Really?

Fart: After I return to the others with this location, we will be back for your cleansing.

Morty: Um… Cleansing…?

Fart: Carbon-based life is a threat to all higher life. To us, you are what you would call a disease. Wherever we discover you, we cure it. You said yourself that life must be protected even through sacrifice. (Morty, shocked and saddened, begins to tear up.) You haven’t changed your mind about that. I can sense your thoughts. Morty.

Morty: *wipes his eyes* Um… Before you go… Could you sing a… C-Could you sing for me again?

Fart: Yes, Morty. *approaches him as “Goodbye Moonmen” begins, again set to a sequence formed from Morty’s imagination* Cosmos without hatred / Blinding stars of cosmic light / Quasars shine through endless night / And everything is one in the beauty / And now we say goodby—

(The song is interrupted as Morty shoots Fart with the antimatter gun.)

Fart: Morty… Why… Why?

(Morty shoots him several more times until he completely vanishes, then drops the gun, crying.)

Morty: Goodbye.

(Rick is loading something into the ship as Morty returns.)

Rick: So did you guys make out a little bit? Is he gonna send you a postcard? (Morty wordlessly enters the car.) Man, that guy hit the lottery when he crossed paths with you.

[Trans. Open space]

Rick: Morty, I know I picked on your core beliefs and decision making a lot today, but I am glad you insisted on gettin’ that fart home. You know, at least all the death and destruction wasn’t for nothin’, you know? *notices Morty’s detached, almost anguished expression* You miss your fart friend, huh? Well I’ve got a little surprise for you, buddy. While you were gone I found another wormhole with millions of beings just like him on the other side and they’re all coming to visit.

Morty: *panicking* What?! Rick! No, you can’t!

Rick: Too late, Morty. The hole’s opening.

Morty: No, no, Rick! You don’t understand!

(Rick farts.)

Rick: Th-there’s a lot more where that came from too.

[Trans. Jerryboree]

(Our Rick and Morty enter the lobby, which is filled with Ricks, Mortys, and Jerrys.)

Rick: Hey. *taps another Rick’s arm* Hey bro. How many people was your Morty responsible for killing today?

Other Rick: None, we chilled at Blips and Chitz all day, ain’t that right homie?

Other Morty: Darn right bro! Roy rules!

Other Rick: Haha!

(The other Rick and Morty leave with their Jerry.)

Rick: *glares at Morty* Must be nice… Hey, Morty, there’s our Jerry.

(The Jerry-sitter guides a Jerry toward them. He and Morty hug.)

Jerry: Mm, I missed you. Hey, Rick.

Rick: Glad you’re safe Jerry. What do you say we go home?

Jerry: I’d like that.

Another Rick: *holding a ticket* Hey, wait, do you have 5126?

Rick: Uh, I’m not sure. Morty.

(Morty pulls a ticket out of his pocket.)

Other Rick: Uh, that’s a Blips and Chitz ticket.

Morty: What?!

Rick: Way to go, Morty. Eh, whatever.

(The Ricks exchange Jerrys. Both Jerrys look uncertain and nervous.)

Jerrys: Uh… W-wait, what?

Ricks: Alright, come on, Jerry.

[End credits]

[Trans. Alien planet]

(Various species of aliens are walking down the street when they stop and listen to an announcer’s voice.)

Announcer: Are you tired of the same daily droll? Well, get on over to Blips and Chitz! (As he describes things, they appear on screen.) We got, uh… one game! We got a whole bunch of games here! Uh, we got chabos and flobos and you can shoot things! Get on over here and play the games! Use your Flurbos to get tickets! Roy 2 just got here! G-Get over here at Ch… Chips and Chitz!

Rick: It’s the coolest place in the world! Hahahaha, I g- I get to be in a commercial!

[END]

Open Ext. Rick's Ship in flying through a planet's rings

(Morty is in the backseat, Summer is in the starboard seat, Rick is driving)

All: (singing) Love. Connection. Experience.

(Morty claps)

Rick: Yeah Morty

All: (singing) Come together. With love. connection, experience! [laughter]

Rick: It's my favourite song

Morty: Hahahahaha, yeah

(distress beacon alert chimes)

Rick: Oh yeah, distress beacon! [belches] Yeah baby!

Morty: You're excited about that?

Rick: The first rule of space travel kids, is always check out distress beacons; nine out of ten times its a ship full of dead aliens and a bunch of free shit!

[Rick makes a sharp turn]

Morty and Summer: Whoa!

Rick: One out of ten times its a deadly trap, but I'm ready to roll those dice!

[Trans. flying toward S.S. Independence]

[Trans. Rick, Morty, and Summer entering corridor]

Summer: Seems like something terrible happened here.

Rick: Yeah. Cha-ching. Oh yeah, if you find a room full of eggs, don't shy away from it, give one of them a shake. Those facehuggers are worth more than this ship.

(Rick is spray-painting a symbol on a closed door)

Morty: Uh, what's that?

Rick: This will make the cops write it up as a looting by the Korblocks.

Summer: That's horrible!

Rick: I hear you man, cops are racist.

(A door behind them opens with six crewmembers)

Rick: Oh, hey! You're alive! Thank God.

Female alien: Can you help us? Our planet was taken over by some kind of [pauses] entity! It absorbed the minds of our people!

Male alien 1: We didn't notice until it was too late. The people it takes over, they look like your friends, your family, your leaders, but they're not, themselves any more; They're part of It.

Rick: And how do you know it didn't get on the ship with you? Those two ding-dongs seem pretty calm about the whole thing.

(Two male aliens are calm and not panting and standing apart from the other four)

(They screech after Rick points at them)

Male alien with glasses: Hey! No, no- uurgh!

(Morty screams. The other four are assimilated)

Rick: Called it.

All six aliens together: Hello Rick. Long time no see.

Rick: Unity!?

Morty: Rick?

Summer: Grandpa?

Rick: Oh boy. Uh, these are my grandkids, Summer and Morty. Summer, Morty, this is uh, Unity. We sort of used to, uh, date.

[intro credits begin]

[Scene's of life on Unity's planet are shown; S.S. Independence lands]

Rick: Quite an operation you got going here Une. You're a whole planet now huh?

Unity (Administrator): After we broke up, I spend some time wandering through space,

Unity (Thin suited man): then I found this world,

Unity (Large suited man): where I was better able to focus on my passion for unification.

Summer: You mean stealing peoples’ bodies?

Rick: Summer, rude. Why don't you kids run off and play with Unity while Unity and I do some catching up.

(four aliens come over to Morty and Summer put a hand on their shoulders)

Summer: Ugh.

Morty: Wait! Rick, aren't these people going to barf into our mouths and absorb us?

Unity (Administrator): You're guests here on my planet, you're free to be yourselves; I've never been good at disappointing Rick.

Summer: Well now I'm going to barf. Come on Morty.

[Trans. to garage; Jerry is rooting through shelves]

Beth: Jerry, what are you- what are you doing in here?

Jerry: I'm trying to find our weed whacker, ‘cause our weeds are wack, yo.

Beth: But you can't go in the garage when Rick's not here.

Jerry: I can't?

Beth: Well, he doesn't like it.

Jerry: What's he gonna do, crash rent-free at his other family's house?

Beth: What is that supposed to mean?

(Jerry stands up and turns to face Beth)

Jerry: Your dad gets to walk all over us because of your abandonment issues! He's playing you, shorty.

Beth: Oh, stop affecting that stupid hip-hop dialect!

Jerry: Stop shifting the crosshairs to my ironic urban patois just because your relationship with your father is toe-up from the flow-up.

(Gurgling sounds come from below. Beth and Jerry look around)

Jerry: What the hell was that?

Beth: (whispering) I don't know, let's just leave!

(More gurgling. Jerry removes the mat to reveal a hatch in the floor.)

Jerry: That is a hatch! Your father put a hatch in my garage!

Beth: You don't know it was him! [pauses] Anyway, we’re not supposed to be in here!

Jerry: Obviously, neither is whatever's gurgling down there.

(Gurgling)

[Trans. to Unity’s planet: Rick is approaching a news stand]

Rick: World peace achieved. Nice! A little weird to publish a paper about it for yourself, but hey. So what's next?

Unity (Newsagent): After I become a type-one civilisation, this world will be invited into the Galactic Federation.

Rick: Oh, goody.

(As Rick walks, Unity switches between people nearby to have a flawless conversation without having to stop what they’re doing)

Unity (Customer): From there I'll have access to countless planets and species.

Unity (Pedestrian): One by one, I will unify them, I will become the universe, and I will be what the single-minded once called a god.

Rick: [burps] I like that. Oh, that's pretty sexy. Hey listen, where can I get a drink around here?

Unity (Old woman): Recreational substances were phased out here. There's no need for escape from the self when your world is one.

Rick: Unity, Unity, who am I talking to? I watched you assimilate a whole police station just to get your hands on the evidence locker.

Unity (Worker): Rick, when we met I was a young hivemind with the population of a small town. People... change.

Unity (Busker): Especially when I change them. I'm sorry to disappoint you, but... I’ve grown.

Rick: Hey, listen, I’ve grown too. I have! See, I’ve- I’ve reconnected with my family, right?

Unity (Police officer): Hm, why is that I wonder?

Rick: Maybe it's part of getting old. Maybe I just miss being with... a collective.

(Rick and Unity start kissing. A crowd forms around them)

Unity (Crowd): Yes Rick! Yes! Yes!

Rick: Oh yeah!

Unity (Crowd): Yes! Yes!

Rick: Wait, wait, stop! H-Hold it! Not like this. We need a hang glider. And a crotchless Uncle Sam costume. And I want the entire field of your largest stadium covered end to end with naked redheads! And I want the stands packed with every man that remotely resembles my father!

[Trans. to a mountain being carved into the shape of Morty and Summer’s heads. Morty and Summer are being fanned and eating hamburgers]

Morty: Look at ‘em go! So coordinated! What’s your problem? They’re making you into a Mount Rushmore! They made burgers!

Summer: Morty, open your eyes! There is no they! These poor people's’ bodies are being used! They're a planet of puppets!

Unity (Fan holder): I can hear you.

Summer: Ugh!

Morty: Well, seems like everybody here's cool with it. Except for all those redheads. They seem like they're in a hurry to be somewhere else.

Unity (Clown): Balloon, Summer? Balloon, Morty?

Summer: No, we don't want your dumb balloons. We’re bored. Take us back to Rick.

Unity (Clown): Now's... not a good time.

[Trans. to Rick in a hang glider and Uncle Sam costume, flying towards a stadium]

Rick: Oh yeah! I want youuuuuu!

Unity (Stadium): Go son go! Go son go! Go son go!

[Trans. to Earth: Jerry and Beth are looking down the hatch, which is open]

Jerry: Oh! Real nice! Real nice! How does a man do this without me noticing?

Beth: Oh, you know my dad. Once he puts his mind to something...

Jerry: You're spinning this to his credit?

(Gurgling)

Jerry: I'm going down there.

Beth: Jerry!

Jerry: Beth, this is my house, which makes this my garage, my secret hatch, my hidden subterranean lair,  and my faceless gargler. Now, are you going to keep hating this playa, or are you gonna jack my steed?

Beth: Okay, you're just making stuff up now.

[Trans. to Rick, who’s walking out in a bathrobe, panting, to applause]

Rick: Oh my god. Oh my god. [Drinks water]

Unity (Redheads): Oh Rick, it was so bad.

Rick: What's this ‘was’ stuff? I just need to hydrate and then we’re doing that again!

(Beta-7’s spaceships arrive from skyward)

Unity (Redhead): Oh damn.

Rick: Listen, if this is an invasion I gotta sit this one out, but I'll- I'll be back to have sex with the survivors.

Unity (Redhead): It's a neighboring hivemind species, Beta-7. Our planet's maintained a practical alliance for exchange of vital resources. (whispering) So be nice!

Beta-7: Unity. [pauses] Is it a... bad time? Are all... present lifeforms... assimilated?

Unity (Man with glasses): Beta-7, this is my single-minded friend from Earth, Rick.

Beta-7: Rick... Sanchez. Unity has spoken of you.

Rick: All bad I hope. [laughing]

(Rick laughs and puts his hand on the lead Beta-7’s shoulders. All Beta-7 assimilated scream and point at Rick)

Rick: Whoa, Jesus Christ!

Unity (Redhead): Beta-7, if my allies are a problem for you perhaps our alliance is as well.

Beta-7: Our alliance is beneficial. When Beta-7 expresses concern it- it's only ... be-because...

Rick: Oh snap! Powdered neutronium? Amphetetron? You know what I can make with this stuff?

Unity (Redhead): Oh... Rick, I- I shouldn't...

Rick: Come on, it's not every day that I'm in town! It- it's for old time's sake.

Unity (Redhead): Uh... Okay, what the hell! We can purify the resin and make fractal dust!

Rick: Oh, I was thinking velocitinis, but...

Unity: Aww, old man Rick can't party with the whole planet?

(Both laugh)

Rick: I can do whatever you do and more, baby.

Beta-7: Hrmm...

(Beta-7 leaves)

Rick: You know, I think Beta-7 over there is hoping your alliance can be more than practical.

(Both laugh)

[Trans. To Rick’s underground lair. Jerry is searching with a flashlight.]

Jerry: Well, this explains the six thousand dollar electric bill.

(Both see Blim Blam chained up to a wall and yell)

Blim Blam: [Gurgling]

Jerry: Well. Nice. Real nice. Alien prisoners under the house. Real nice. Nice. Reeeal-

Beth: Goddamn it, stop.

[Trans. to Unity’s planet, Summer is in the street on a soapbox with a megaphone]

Summer: Wake up people! You have to fight it! You're under the spell of an evil monster!

Unity (Man with glasses): I can hear you.

Summer: Yeah! So you keep saying!

(She starts slapping the man)

Morty: Summer!

Summer: Wake up! You have to have some individuality left in there!

Unity (Steven Phillips): Why do you hate me, Summer?

Summer: I'm not talking to you! I'm talking to...

(She reaches into his pocket and grabs his wallet, and flips over to his license)

Summer: ...Steven Phillips! Steven! Set yourself free!

Unity (Steven Phillips): Summer, before I took over this planet, this man was a registered sex offender.

Summer: ...Yeah, well so what? At least he was himself.

Unity (M.Biologist): This woman was a drug addict on the verge of suicide. Now she's a marine biologist.

Morty: Listen Unity, I don't think my sister's trying to say that life would be perfect without you. I think she's just saying that life would be... you know, life.

Unity (Old man): I have transformed life here into a paradise. Prostitutes are now scientists. The homeless are now phisosophers.

Summer: Oh, phi- phisosophers?

Unity (Old man): Philophiluh... phiphophibup...

Summer: Oh my god. Where did you learn to talk you grandpa-stealing slut?

Unity (Old man): I'm feeling... urk!

(The man falls down and vomits. All other assimilated in the area follow suit.)

Morty: Oh man! Let me help all of you guys up!

Unity (All): I'm fine!

[Trans. to penis-shaped house. Various assimilated are dancing. Rick is on the couch drinking]

Unity (Administrator): Do you know what I love about you, Rick? You're the only single mind I’ve met who really sees the big picture.

Rick: You got that right. But... baby, listen. Y-you're talking about taking over planets and galaxies, you gotta... you gotta just... remember to let go sometimes, you know.

Unity (Administrator): I can let go! Hey, look! You see that town across the river? Watch this.

(Planes fly past and bomb the town, blowing it all up)

Rick: Whoa!

Unity (Administrator): Ha ha! Woot!

Rick: Whoa! That's not what I meant!

Unity (Administrator): [laughing] It's okay! It's okay, I evacuated! I evacuated the town, look!

Unity (Townspeople): Hey! Right here! We’re fine!

Rick: [laughing] Oh, that was awesome! My grandkids weren't in that town, right? A-are my grandkids alive? ... H-hey, my drink is empty.

[Trans. to street. More assimilated are dancing, though they’re falling over and puking. Vehicles crash. Morty and Summer are running and almost get crushed by falling beams.]

Morty and Summer: Aah!

Summer: Unity, what's happening?

Steven Phillips: Who's Unity? You kids have nice feet. Mind if I take a picture?

Summer: Gross, no!

(He takes a picture anyway and wanders off)

Morty: I think you're getting what you wanted, Summer. Something's happening to Unity.

Summer: Do... all of you remember who you are?

Ron Benson: ...Yeah. My name is Ron Benson. I'm... an electrical engineer. Father of two, and as you can see from my flat concentric nipple rings, I'm a member of this planet's top race! [opens shirt to reveal ring nipples]

Summer: Okay, that's good! Uh... Don't focus too much on the last part, but...

Daryl Jefferson: I'm Daryll Jefferson. I'm a landscaper. And I'll be damned if that ripple-nipple bitch's race is superior! [removes shirt] The cone-nipple people will rule this world!

Ron Benson: You shut your mouth, you dirty knife-nipple bastards!

Daryl Jefferson: What'd you say to me, you target-chested piece of shit?

Alien man: Race war!

(The crowd breaks out into fighting)

Summer: Why are you fighting? Can't you see you're all the same?

Morty: Ah, Summer. Ha ha. First race war, huh?

Morty: Way to go, Summer. You started a race war.

Summer: I didn't start it! They're the racists! I... I  merely empowered them to follow their apparently misguided dreams!

Morty: Okay, thanks for clarifying! Y- I'll have a super accurate headstone now!

Rioter: Hey wait, what race are you guys?

Morty: [pulling up shirt] We’re neither! S-see?

Summer: Yeah, take my word for it. We just have regular nipples.

Rioter: Hey! These two freaks have no race!

(Morty and Summer run, and get chased by a gang of rioters, before getting cornered against a wall)

Morty: Oh, there's no place like home! There's no place like home! Remember, Summer?

Summer: Oh...

(The two hug)

Morty: From Dorothy and The Tiny People movie?

Summer: O-oh, yes, yes yes...

Morty: All the tiny people?

Summer: Dorothy, take us away! Take us away!

(As the rioters get closer, Unity (SWAT) drops in and surrounds the two, pushing the rioters back. An assimilated drops down and pulls the two into a hovercopter)

Unity (SWAT): Hello Summer. Hello Morty.

Unity (Pilot): It's okay! You're safe now.

Morty: U-Unity?

Unity (SWAT): Yes.

Summer: Oh, Unity I am so sorry. I didn't know freedom meant people doing stuff that sucks! I was thinking more of... a choose-your-own-cellphone-carrier thing.

Unity (Pilot): Oh, Summer, you did nothing wrong! I'm having fun with your grandpa! Lost a little control. Probably shouldn't be piloting a hovercopter, nor should I be... running two hundred thousand pediatric hospitals and twelve million deep friers, but hey! It's not like this planet can take its business elsewhere!

Morty: Um... should we maybe stop somewhere and get you a coffee? Maybe splash a little water on your face, or...?

Unity (Pilot): No, no, if I wanted to be sober, I wouldn't have gotten drunk! Wooohoooo!

[Trans. to Rick’s underground lair. Blim Blam is chained up, Beth and Jerry are arguing]

Jerry: Oh man. I cannot wait. I cannot wait to hear Rick explain his way around this. He is gone!

Beth: Jerry, stop! Please, okay, we weren't even supposed to be down here. If we confront him about this-

Jerry: Oh my god! I love this! I love that this is how far you will go for him. You wanna go upstairs, and cut carrots, and watch a Lifetime original, above a fucking alien dungeon! Your relationship with your father is psychotic!

Beth: Oh listen to you relish the idea that my genius father is a bad person! Step out of your ego for a second and look at this thing! It's a monster! He might have it chained up so that it doesn't eat the planet!

Jerry: Right, because your father's such an altruist? I once saw him briefly forget the word for humans! He's probably harvesting this creature's organs!

Beth: He's probably racing to cure its space aids!

Jerry: He's going to eat it!

Beth: He's protecting it!

Blim Blam: [Gurgles]

Both: Shut up!

[Trans. to penis-shaped house, now on fire. Summer and Morty enter.]

Summer: Unity! This place is a mess!

Unity (Administrator): Oh, it's cool! The part of me that's the cleaning lady is coming on Friday. [gasps] Oh my god! I have a meeting at the galactic federation in an hour. Oh, I'll never make it! Ah, I'll push it to next week.

Morty: Unity, could you get Rick out here please?

Unity (Administrator): He's... unavailable! He's-

Summer: Having sex with you, we get it! Gross. Get him out here now.

Unity (Administrator): I don't think he wants to be-

Summer: (shouting) Grandpa Rick!

Morty: (shouting) Rick! Rick!

Summer: (shouting) I'm gonna tell mom and dad about the gagoo you have locked up under the garage!

(Rick stumbles out, topless, wearing an ammunition belt, a mexican hat and pants, a fake moustache and clutching a bottle of beer)

Rick: What the hell... is your problem?

Summer: Grandpa, we need to go home! Now!

Rick: Fine, geez!

(He opens a portal)

Rick: See ya!

Morty: Uh, Rick? I think we should all go.

Rick: Tend your garden, kids, I'm kinda doing a thing here.

(He puts his arms around two assimilated, who cheer and laugh)

Summer: Grandpa Rick, we’re not leaving without you!

Rick: Oh my god [belches] you guys I get it. You're afraid the big bad hivemind is gonna steal  your grandpa away.

Summer: Actually, no. I think Unity's great and you're a horrible influence on it!

Rick: What?

Morty: This isn't healthy, Rick! Y- you know you-you're really up to no good around here. I-at-at this place,  you know?

Summer: You and Unity are like... like... leggings and mid-calf boots. You think you're great together but you're just bringing out the worst in each other!

Rick: Oh, gee, boy Summer, well put. Uh, why don't we see what Unity thinks. Unity?

Unity (Shades guy): I'm just taking a little break from stuff. You know? I need to relax.

Rick: Oh, hey, wh-what's this on the news, guys? L-l-let me turn it up.

Unity (Todd): In the news today, this looks a lot worse than it is. We’re... really just having a good time. Karen?

Unity (Karen): Thanks, Todd. Up next: Are you a concerned grandchild or just a buzzkill? We'll tell you how you can really know for sure!

Rick: I think you two are a little outnumbered.

Summer: Okay! Well, what if you did it for me? What if you came with us as a favour to us... because you love us?

Rick: What? Dumb. Bye.

Morty: But Rick, Summer's just-

Rick: Summer's just a hyper-emotional, needy little- what's the word I'm looking for here... uh- human! It runs in the family! I can tolerate it but I can't give a crap about it. Take a hike.

Summer: Take care of yourself, Unity.

(Summer and Morty leave through the portal)

Rick: I'm not looking for judgement, just a yes or no. Can you assimilate a giraffe?

[Trans. back to Beth and Jerry]

Beth: You're the worst!

Jerry: No! You're the worst! You don't support this family!

(The two start yelling over the top of one another)

Jerry: All you care about is yourself!

Beth: You think supporting the family is about supporting you emotionally...

Jerry: You've got two children being dragged across the cosmos...

Beth: ...but you're unsupportable! Because it's never enough, Jerry!

Jerry: ...by your dangerously ill father, and you force me to watch it happen!

Beth: It will never be enough support to satisfy you! And you don't even know what it's like...

Jerry: Because you'd rather lose them and lose me than lose him!

Beth: ...to be afraid of losing anything because you cling and you cling and you cling...

Jerry: And why? Because you're the child, Beth. You, not me, you!

(Blim Blam gurgles angrily and breaks free)

Jerry: Aaah!

Beth: Oh my god!

(Both back away. Jerry puts his arm protectively in front of Beth. Blim Blam moves past them and breaks into a cabinet, before pulling out an object and pointing it at the two like a gun)

Beth and Jerry: Aah!

(Blim Blam pushes the object into his neck)

Blim Blam: Um, first of all, hello. Uh, my name is Blim Blam the korblok. Second of all, cards on the table: I am a murderer that eats babies and I came to this planet to eat babies. However, I am also carrying a highly infectious disease, that I suppose you could call ‘space aids’ as you put it, and Rick did chain me up so that he could attempt to cure it. At the same time, Rick's motivation to cure my disease was not to save my life or anyone else's, but to patent and sell the cure for billions of blemflarks. But you know the reason why I ripped my chains out of the wall? And do you know why I'm never coming back to this planet? Because the two of you are the fucking worst! You both hate yourselves and each other! And the idea that it has anything to do with Rick is laughable! I'd laugh but I'm biologically incapable, that's how alien I am! And even I'm sitting here listening to the two of you, and being like, what the fuck?!? So! Good luck with your shitty marriage, and I'm sorry that Rick has to deal with either of you. Blim Blam, out!

(He drops the translator and leaves, but quickly rushes back to pick it up again)

Blim Blam: You know what? I'm taking this.

(Trans. to garage. Summer and Morty have returned. Blim Blam pushes at the garage door but can’t open it)

Blim Blam: How do you- what is this?

(Morty activates the garage door opener)

Blim Blam: Uh, is there a slow setting? Best door ever.

(He leaves, flipping the two off with a penis-shaped finger)

[Trans. to Rick, who’s on the couch watching TV surrounded by several assimilated]

Rick: Aaah! [coughs] Okay, okay, now make him cry. But happy cry. Now make ‘em all make fun of the blonde one. Now make ‘em all do it on the table! I can’t believe you created a whole show for me. Now cancel it! Okay, now put it back on. Haha! [pauses] Alright, I’m bored.

Unity (Administrator): Rick, is there a way for you to call Summer and Morty? I feel bad that they-

Rick: Pfft, screw those guys! Uugh, I'll be right back. Don't waste your brain on those weirdos, Unity. They're no different from any other aimless chumps that you occupy. They just put you at the centre of their lives because you're powerful and then because they put you there they want you to be less powerful. Never gonna happen though, right?

Unity (all): Never.

Rick: Never! Back in a flash.

(Rick goes into the bathroom, and washes his hands and face)

Rick: Best weekend ever, Rick! I agree, Rick! Let's see how long we can go!

(He goes back into the main room. Unity has disappeared, but there are letters everywhere)

Rick: Hey Une! You got any more-

(He picks up a note and reads it. Unity talks in a voiceover, using the voices of different assimilated for each part)

Unity (voiceover): Rick, forgive me for doing this in notes. I'm not strong enough to do it in persons.

(Rick starts wandering around town. The entire town is filled with letters. He picks up to read some as he goes)

Unity (voiceover): I realize now that I'm attracted to you for the same reason I can't be with you. You can't change. And I have no problem with that, but... it clearly means I have a problem with myself.

Unity (voiceover): I'm sure there's no perfect version of me. I'm sure I'll just unify species after species and never really be complete.

Unity (voiceover): But I know how it goes with us. I lose who I am and become part of you. Because in a strange way you're better at what I do without even trying. Yours, and nobody else's, Unity. P.S. I don't know where those coal miners were before they got assimilated. You might want to get checked.

[Trans. to the Smiths watching TV in the living room. Rick enters from the left]

Rick: Hey.

Beth: Dad... [clears throat] I... um... Jerry and I were looking for our weed whacker, and found your subterranean lair... and your alien prisoner. And... he got away. And I know I sound like mom but I can't sacrifice this whole family's safety just because I'm afraid you'll leave again, so no more alien prisoners, and, no more subterranean excavation without consulting us.

Rick: Okay.

Beth: ...Okay? Y-y-y-y-Okay like you're gonna quietly teleport somewhere and never come back?

Rick: No. It's your house.

Summer: Grandpa Rick! What happened... with Unity?

Rick: Who? Oh. Unity. Yeah, well, I mean honestly we’re talking about an entity that thrives on enslavement, you know. It's not cool. Fun's fun but who needs it? I'll be in the garage.

(“Do you feel it?” by Chaos Chaos starts playing in the background. Rick enters the garage, looking depressed, and drains his flask before throwing it away. Then he pulls out two bulbs and puts together a metal contraption on the desk. He pulls a frozen alien creature out of the drawers and brings it to life with a flask of chemicals, strokes it while it shrieks helplessly, and drinks the rest of the chemicals. He puts one of the bulbs into the contraption and sticks the alien under it, disintegrating it with a blast of energy, then replaces the bulb and repeats the process with his own head. At the last second, he falls unconscious, dodging the killing blast. The screen zooms out through the open garage door, showing Rick slumped still on the desk through the night and into the morning, even as Jerry shows up, happily weeding the garden and the driveway without noticing Rick.)

[Credits]

[After Credits scene: Rick’s spaceship is outside Beta-7’s main ship. Rick is driving, with Morty in the passenger seat]

Rick: Unity! Unity! Unity!

(A transmission comes in from Beta-7)

Beta-7: How can I assist you?

Rick: I wanna talk to [belches] Unity. Beta-7, I know it's in there!

Beta-7: You're classified as a hostile entity, and Unity doesn't want to talk to you.

Rick: I know your game, Beta-7, I’ve met a billion of you, you little on-deck in-the-wind shoulder to cry on!

Beta-7: You are classified as a hostile entity.

Rick: Well, you're just loving this, mother f- this isn't gonna shape out like you think, pal! Unity's not into other hiveminds! It's gonna suck you in and use you up and a month from now I'm going to be making out with all of you in a bunch of red wigs! Unity! Unity! Unity, I know you can hear me! Get out here!

Beta-7: Weapons systems engaged.

Rick: Oh, in your dreams you have weapons systems.

Morty: Ugh, Rick, you said we were going to a movie.

Rick: We are, Morty. Alright, Beta-shit-7, you just got saved by the bell, bitch!

[Episode end]

Quote
Rick: "They're no different from any of the aimless chumps that you occupy, they just put you at the center of their lives because you're powerful, then because they put you there they want you to be less powerful. Never gonna happen though, right?"

Unity: "Never."

Unity's Note
"Rick,

forgive me for doing this in notes, I'm not strong enough to do it in persons,

I realize now that I am attracted to you for the same reason I cant be with you. You can't change and I have no problem with that but it clearly means, I have a problem with myself. I'm sure there's no perfect version of me Im sure I'll just unify species after species and never be complete.

But I know how it goes with us, I lose who I am and become part of you. As in a strange way your better at what I do without even trying, yours and nobody else's.

-Unity

PS. I don't know what those coal miners was before I assimilated, you might want to get checked."

[END]

(Smith family is eating, Jerry checks his mail)

Jerry: Steve, I just got a weird e-mail. Did you buy us airline tickets?

Uncle Steve: Aw shoot, it was supposed to be a surprise! I wanted to thank you for letting me live here all this time, so I'm treating the family to a vacation!

Beth: Steve, you're so sweet!

Morty: Thanks Uncle Steve!

Summer: Best uncle ever!

Uncle Steve: Look out world, the Smith family is goin' to Paris!

Summer: (offscreen) Yeah! Awesome!

(Rick enters the room, and dumps some very familiar-looking rocks into the kitchen trash)

Jerry: Rick, I don't like glowing rocks in the kitchen trash.

Rick: Well, I don't like your unemployed genes in my grandchildren, Jerry. But life is made of little concessions.

Jerry: I, you know what, I-

Uncle Steve: You're gonna land on your feet Jer. Some company out there's gonna thank they're lucky stars they hired my little brother.

Rick: Who the fuck are you?

Jerry: My goofy brother Steve. He's been living here almost a year now, are you losing your mind?

Uncle Steve: Hey someone's been spending too much time around glowing rocks am I right? (Everybody except Rick laughs, Rick shoots Steve in the head)

(The family screams)

Morty: What the hell, Rick? What the hell?

Rick: Everybody just relax for a second. There's no such thing as an "Uncle Steve." That is an alien parasite.

(Uncle Steve's body turns into a blue and purple worm-like creature, spewing pink liquid all over the table.)

Jerry: But I've known him my whole life!

Rick: No, you haven't Jerry. These telepathic little bastards, they embed themselves in memories they use those to multiply, spread out, and take over planets. It's disgusting.

Morty: Steve wasn't real?

Rick: He's a real piece of shit! This is a big one, someone probably tracked in last week on the bottom of their shoe or on a piece of alien fruit.

Summer: Someone?

Rick: Get off the high road, Summer. We all got pink eye because you won't stop texting on the toilet.

Morty: But Uncle Steve taught me how to ride a bike.

Rick: No, "Steve" put that memory in your brain so he could live in your house, eat your food, and multiply. We could be infested with these things, so we gotta keep an eye out for any zany, wacky characters that pop up.

Mr. Poopybutthole: Ooh wee, whatever you want Rick! We're here to help!

Rick: Thanks Mr. Poopybutthole. I always could count on you.

*theme song plays*

Rick: Alright, there's six of us and that's it. Me, Morty, Jerry, Beth, Mr. Poopybutthole, and Summer.

Mr. Poopybutthole: Maybe you got the first one in time Rick!

Rick: Can't afford to chance it.

(Rick presses a button on his watch, all doors and windows in the house are sealed off by blast shields)

Beth: Dad, why does our house have blast shields?

Rick: Trust me, Beth, you don't wanna know how many answers that question has.

Poopybutthole: Ooh, gosh, it feels claustrophobic! Reminds me of that time we all got stuck in the elevator together. Y-- remember that? After the Hulk musical?

(Flashback: The family is stuck in an elevator. Jerry is wearing Hulk gloves and punching the elevator buttons. Morty is holding his crotch trying not to pee himself.)

Beth: Jerry, buttons don't work better if you hit them harder, and foam fists don't make you strong.

Jerry: I know. Friends make you strong. I watched the same musical you did.

Rick: Why couldn't I bring my portal gun?

Morty: Why did all the drinks have to be extra large? Oh, the Hulk. I just got that.

Summer: Just pee your pants. I did it the minute we got stuck. (all stare at Summer) Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, shame me. At least when I'm disgusting, it's on purpose.

Mr. Poopybutthole: Oh, y'all, we're gonna be fine. I've always been here for you guys, and I always will be. ( chuckles )

Nicky: Somebody call for repairs?

All: Yay! Cousin Nicky!

Nicky: It's me, Cousin Nicky. I'm walkin' here! I mean, I'm not. I'm crouched in the elevator shaft, but hey, I'm walkin' here! ( laughter )

(Cut back to the present)

Nicky: It's true. We really do get into some crazy situations as a family, mostly when we're cooped up like this. Hey, maybe Mr. Poopypants is right. L-let's get some fresh air.

Morty: Come on, cousin Nicky. You heard Rick. We have to stay quarantined until we know that there's no more of these things.

Nicky: I hear you, Morty. Back in Brooklyn, we got a sayin' -- "we're walkin' here!" ( laughter )

Jerry: Nicky! (Rick shoots Nicky in the shoulder, and he reverts back into a parasite)

Nicky: Oh! ( gasps ) ( groaning )

Morty: What the...? Cousin Nicky was a parasite?!

Rick: Six, Morty! There's supposed to be six of us! If there's seven, then that means somebody's not real.

Beth: But how did you know it was Nicky?

Rick: I guessed. That's why I aimed for his shoulder.

Beth: So we can't trust any of our memories now? Nicky was the reason we found that old nazi submarine. Did that not even happen?

Jerry: Well, of course it happened.

(Flashback: Morty, Rick, Jerry, Beth and Nicky are tied up, a Nazi stands before them)

Nazi: Now that I possess the mighty staff of Rah-gubaba, the world will tremble before the Fourth Reich!

Morty: This is the last time I ask you for help on my history final, Rick.

Nicky: Hey, we got a word for Nazis back in Brooklyn, pal.

Nazi: I'm comfortable being called a Nazi. You think there's some other word that will hurt my feelings? (Hits Nicky on the head) Yeah. Think before you talk shit. Rah-gubaba, help me kill America! (Mr. Beauregard knocks out the Nazi)

All: Mr. Beauregard!

Mr. Beauregard: After due consideration, I have elected not to retire.

All: Yeah! Oh, thank god!

Mr. Beauregard: Now, I believe someone has a final exam to attend. Set a course for Morty's high school.

(Return to the present)

Mr. Beauregard: Perhaps I'm biased, but if that story never happened, then I wouldn't still be the family butler. ( chuckles ) dare to dream.

Rick: Wait.

Summer: And if Mr. Beauregard wasn't our butler, it's safe to say the family'd be in a hell of a lot of trouble. ( laughter )

Rick: No! Don't flashback!

(Flashback: Jerry has his head stuck in the staircase railing)

Summer: You're just gonna make more swelling.

Beth: Don't worry, Jerry. Just relax. We called the fire department.

Jerry: You know they won't come here anymore. ( grunting )

(Mr. Beauregard pours marmalade on Jerry and his head slips out, all gasp )

Mr. Beauregard: Marmalade is served. (everybody cheers)

Frankenstein: I guess I take back what I said about British cuisine. ( laughter )

(Flashback: Rick, Summer, and Mr. Beauregard are having a pillow fight)

Rick: Take that!

Sleepy Gary: We're trying to sleep.

(Flashback: Morty is in the living room with Beth, Jerry, and Sleepy Gary)

Morty: I don't want to go to the dance alone.

Mr. Beauregard (Off-screen): Then perhaps, you shouldn't.

(Mr. Beauregard appears, in a dress)

Beth: Aww. Mr. Beauregard.

Mr. Beauregard: Shall we, master Morty?

Morty: We shall.

Beth: Oh, wait, don't leave without letting Photography Raptor take a picture. ( raptor screeches ) ( camera shutter clicks )

( cut back to the present, laughter )

Rick: Everybody stop remembering! These parasites are like bed bugs, and every flashback is another mattress. Look! There's only supposed to be six people in this house.

But there's always been 10.

Rick: No! Uh, the fact that I wrote this number down means that there's four parasites.

Frankenstein: You sure about that, Rick?

Mr. Beauregard: Begging your pardon, master Rick, but I seem to recall a great deal of confusion surrounding that number.

Rick: All right, there's six of us, ( belches ) and that's it. Me, Morty, Jerry, Beth, Mr. Poopybutthole, Frankenstein, Sleepy Gary, Photography raptor, Mr. Beauregard, and Summer.

Beth: Uh, dad, that's like 10 people.

Rick: 6, 10, what's the difference? I just love the number 6 for no reason! Where's my pencil at?

Pencilvester: Right here, Rick! Use me!

Rick: Oh, thanks, Pencilvester! (writes the number 6 again) Yeah,I-I g-- I guess that is what happened, but I-I don't get why I would do that.

Pencilvester: Everybody makes mistakes, Rick. Why do you think I have one of these? ( laughter, camera shutter clicks )

Beth: That's it. Photos. Hard evidence. (Beth scrolls through photos, becomes suspicious) You're not in any of my photos, Mr. Poopybutthole.

Mr. Poopybutthole: Well, what do you know about this? You're not in any of mine.

Summer: All I have are pictures of me and my friends from school. (everybody else stares at Summer) What? What teenage girl has pictures of her family? It's not like we're Mormon or dying.

Frankenstein: I will admit it's suspicious that Summer's only friend is a magic ballerina lamb that we've never seen.

(Summer flashes back: Summer is asleep in her room and Tinkles flies in.)

Tinkles: Summer!

Summer: Tinkles! It's past my bedtime.

Tinkles: ( giggles ) Not in never past bedtime land! Here we go!

(Tinkles grabs Summer's hand and they fly out the window. A musical montage begins.)

♪ Summer and Tinkles ♪ ♪ friends with each other ♪ ♪ living in never past bedtime land ♪ ♪ no kitchen sinkles ♪ ♪ no little brother ♪ ♪ going to raves and waving our hands ♪ (Rapper rapping ) ♪ Summer and Tinkles, friends to the end ♪ ♪ group text the whole crew, my motherfuckin' friends! ♪ ♪ ketchup to the salt, salt to the fry ♪ ♪ "t" to the "inkle" with a capital "I" ♪

(Scene cut's back to Summer's bedroom, revealing that she was only dreaming)

Summer: Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!

Gary: Summer, we're trying to sleep.

Summer: It was Tinkles! Tinkes?

(Cut back to the present)

Rick: That is su-- [belches] -- suspicious. We're always hearing about this Tinkles character, but we never get to –

Tinkles: Hi, everybody. I'm Tinkles, and these are my friends. ( all sigh )

Summer: See, everyone? Tinkles is real. That means so am I.

(Everyone except Rick apologizes to Summer)

Frankenstein: I was on the wrong side of the pitchfork on this one.

Jerry: Okay, look, we shouldn't need evidence or logic to know who's family and who isn't. I know who the Smiths are. I've known Beth since high school. And her husband, Sleepy Gary, is hands down my absolute best friend.

Sleepy Gary: Thanks, Jerry. Beyond that, no offense to any of you, but all bets are off.

Rick: Look, I'm not used to being this unsure for this long. I'm just gonna aim for shoulders starting with the weird girl. (Tries to shoot Summer)

Summer: Aah! Grandpa Rick!

Rick: (with air quotes) Hold still, "Summer."

Gary: Rick, that is my daughter.

Rick: Oh, yeah? Well, what if you just think that, Sleepy Gary? I've known you for 15 years. Don't make me hurt you.

Sleepy Gary: Rick, these are our family and friends, the people we barbecue with. Have you forgotten the barbecue?

Rick: Wait, why would you want me to -- You're one of them, aren't you?

Hamurai: Rick, you love those barbecues, Rick. You love them. Hai!

Amish Cyborg: Remember it, Rick?

Rick: Shut up, Hamurai! Shut up, Amish Cyborg! What is this? '90s Conan?

All: Remember the barbecue. Remember the barbecue. Remember the barbecue.

( chatter )

Rick: You know what, Pencilvester? It took me my whole life to realize it, but I love barbecuing.

Pencilvester: You're good at it, Rick.

Rick: Watch me, baby. I'm like Tom Cruise from, um, "Cuisine" or w-whatever that movie's called where he makes drinks. Yeah, check me out. I'm like Tom Cruise from "Cuisine." ( chuckles ) Yeah. Is that what it's called? "Cuisine"?

Pencilvester: Wow! Hey, everybody. Let's give it up for the grill master, Rick! Rick! Rick! Rick! ( all chanting "Rick" )

Rick: Wait. (cut back to the present, breathing heavily ) Noooooo! Shoot. Now look. It's like a "Where's Waldo?" page. Can you find me? Check out all these zany characters. We'll be right back after these messages.

Sleepy Gary: I think you should put down the gun and we should get you to a doctor. What do you say we take down these blast shields?

All: Yeah.

Rick: Can't do that, Sleepy Gary. All right, everybody listen to me. I don't know if any of you guys are real, but this house has been infested with fake loved ones that spread through fake memories, and our planet will be destroyed if they get out. ( grunts )

Pencilvester: But Rick, even you have to admit you do tend to overreact to stuff.

(Flashback)

Rick: You guys, we got to hurry. I just got back from Walmart. They're selling Nintendo 3ds systems for $149.99 on sale, plus every time you buy one, you get a $50 gift card. Brings the total price down to $110 after tax. Now, listen, we can flip those sons of bitches for 230 bucks apiece easy! They're all limited-edition "Zelda" ones. Hurry! Hurry! Come with me! We can be rich, and we also all get to keep one and we can play Nintendo games! Nintendo, give me free stuff.

(Cut back to the present)

Rick: Okay, yes, I definitely remember doing that, but also, I would never do that.

Pencilvester: Don't overreact, Rick.

Jerry: Sleepy Gary, a word?

Sleepy Gary: Sure, Jerry. Rick, keep a level head, okay? 'Cause I'll tell you a secret about Frankenstein -- He's actually Frankenstein's monster.

(Rick looks at Frankenstein, Frankenstein pounds his fist)

Jerry: Sleepy Gary, m-my head is filled with memories of our friendship. I'm convinced that you're Beth's husband and I'm your friend, but if those memories can't be trusted, then...

Sleepy Gary: Jerry, just say it.

Jerry: Sleepy Gary, how do we know I'm real?

Sleepy Gary: Jesus, Jerry. No, you're real. Hey, look at me. Now, I don't know which way is up out there, but I know us, and you're real, Jerry. Remember our vacation?

(Jerry flashes back: Jerry and Gary are relaxing on a boat on the coast during a sunset.)

Gary: They're filming that new Star Wars movie down the coast. Should we check it out?

Jerry: Sure. Why not?

(Gary drinks, Jerry drops his bottle. Both he and Gary reach for it and their hands meet. They look into each other's eyes.)

Gary: Maybe we'll see Chewbacca.

Jerry: I'd like that.

(They begin kissing and fall out of frame onto the deck of the boat.)

Jerry: What are we doing?

(Cut back to the present)

Gerry: I don't give a damn what else happens out there. You and I are going to survive this.

Jerry: Okay. Hey, we agreed. Never in the house.

(Transit to the living room, Rick is pointing the gun at random people)

Frankenstein: That's a cool watch there, Rick. Can I check it out?

Rick: Uh, no thank -- ( grunts ) Okay. Trying to figure out how to lower the blast shields, huh? Anybody here think it's suspicious that a lot of people in here can't wait to get out of here?

Frankenstein: Ah, you're paranoid, Rick. You've been paranoid since 'nam.

(Rick flashes back: Rick and Frankenstein are in Vietnam)

Rick: So, what are you gonna do when you rotate back to the world, Frankenstein?

Frankenstein: Shi-i-i-i-t. I'mma bust a -- ( cut back to the present, Rick grunts )

Rick: No! Get out of my head, parasite! No! Drop it. Give me the gun, Frankenstein! ( indistinct shouting ) Give it back!

All: Yeah! ( applause ) Frankenstein!

Rick: ( breathing heavily ) Is anyone here even real? Am I the only real person on earth?!

Reverse Giraffe: Maybe. Or maybe, just maybe, we're all real. You know me. I'm reverse giraffe. I have a short neck and legs. I went to college with Hamurai.

Hamurai: Hai!

Reverse Giraffe: I saved Ghost In A Jar's life in Vietnam.

Ghost in a Jar: Boo rah!

Reverse Giraffe: And Beth, how many times have I been a shoulder for you to cry on?

Beth: ( sighs ) Too many.

Reverse Giraffe: Okay, so maybe we're just all fake.

Mrs. Refrigerator: That don't make no sense!

Reverse: Giraffe: Or maybe, there's only one deceiver here -- The person that keeps telling us the path to salvation is being held prisoner and mistrusting each other.

Rick: Hey, don't blame me! I tried to shoot Summer 10 minutes ago!

Reverse Giraffe: I know we all have beloved memories of Rick, but are we really supposed to believe that a mad scientist inventor with a flying car just showed up on our doorstep after being gone for years?

Morty: Yeah, you know, he does have a lot of really weird, made-up sounding catchphrases.

(Flashback)

Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub! Ricky ticky tavi, beyotch! And that's the wa-a-a-a-y the news goes. Hit the sack, jack. Uh-oh! Somersault jump. Aids! And that's why I always say shum shum shlippedy dop! Grassss tastes bad-ah. No jumpin' in the sewer. Burger time! Rubber baby baby bunkers! Lick, lick, lick my balls! ( laughs ) yeah! Say that all the time.

(cut back to the present) All: ( muttering ) That's a fake-ass catchphrase right there.

Beth: And don't forget his incredibly vague back story.

Rick: Beth, I'm your father!

Beth: Oh, are you, dad? Are you?

Morty: Rick, if you want to prove you're real, just do what any of the rest of us would do and -- and -- and open the blast shields and let us the hell out of here!

Rick: Why don't you make me, implausibly naive pubescent boy with an old Jewish comedy writer's name?

(Everybody is surprised)

Mrs. Refrigerator: In your face!

Morty: Give me the gun. (Looks at everyone else) I'm not doing this in front of Pencilvester. Bring him to the garage. ( all cheering ) All right, you listen to me, you son of a bitch parasite scum. We could either do this the easy way or the hard way. You know, y-y-y-- do you want to live? Then open the blast shield doors.

Rick: Shut up, Morty, you brainwashed, little turd that might not even be real because I'm brainwashed, too.

Morty: You know, Rick, this isn't easy for us. You know, w-we all remember you as a friend.

Rick: Oh, oh, oh, really? Well, I remember you as a whiny, little piece of shit, Morty!

Morty: Oh -- oh, yeah?

Rick: Yeah! I've got about a thousand memories of your dumb little ass and about six of them are pleasant. The rest is annoying garbage. So why don't you do us both a favor and pull the trigger? Do it! Do it, motherfucker! Pull the fucking trigger!

(Morty shoots Baby Wizard, Baby Wizard screeches )

Duck with Muscles: Oh, wow. Baby Wizard was a parasite? He set me up with my wife. (Morty shoots the duck, parasite screeches )

Rick: What the hell?

Morty: I figured it out, Rick! The parasites can only create pleasant memories. I know you're real because I have a ton of bad memories with you!

(Flashbacks of times where Rick left Morty in despair) ♪ these memories that we have ♪ ♪ these memories that we cherish ♪ ♪ I wish that we... can go back... to that time ♪ ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh ♪

(Cut back to the present)

Rick: Holy crap, Morty, you're right.

Morty: Is -- is -- isn't that what you were trying to make me understand by yelling at me?

Rick: Well, yeah, duh-doy. T-took you long enough. (Rick turns the dial on the washing machine, the wall draws back to reveal a set of guns)

Rick: Now let's go, Morty. We got a lot of friends and family to exterminate. ( grunts )

(Rick shoots a parasite, everybody else screams )

Morty: Everybody remain calm! This is gonna take some explaining.

Rick: We need to kill everyone that we can only remember fondly. Who's got a bad memory about Mrs. Refrigerator?

Mrs Refrigerator: I-I-I-I -- everyone has bad memories of me. You remember that one time? (flashback, Beth, Jerry, Mrs. Refrigerator and a lot of other people on a roller coaster, screaming, cut back to the present) Ooh, man, we couldn't stop screaming.

Beth: Uh, roller coasters aren't bad, Mrs. Refrigerator. They're thrilling. And you've been a perfect companion to me my entire life.

Mrs Refrigerator: The jig is up! ( whimpering ) get me out of here. Get me out of here! Aah! ( screeching ) ( all gasping ) Oh, shit!

Rick: Everybody back! If you're not a parasite, you have nothing to fear. What about Summer?

Summer: Why am I always your go-to?

(Morty flashes back: Morty is hosing the backyard. Summer comes outside behind Morty and kicks him between the legs. Morty grabs his crotch and falls over in pain.)

Summer: Never go in my room again.

Morty: I didn't!

(Cut back to the present)

Morty: She's real. She's my bitch of a sister.

Summer: Nice.

(Summer flashes back: Summer walks into her parents' room wearing a dress and earrings with her hair done.)

Summer: Mom, are you driving me to --

(Summer sees that Beth is lying on the bed, drunk and holding a bottle of wine.)

Beth: Hmm? Yeah, yeah, yes. What time?

Summer: Oh, my god. Are you drunk?

Beth: (belches) (slurring) What're you, my life coach?

Summer: Your what?

(Beth rolls over to get out of bed and accidentally hits Summer in the face with the wine bottle.)

Summer: Oh! God! Oh. Oh, my gosh. Oh! God! Mom!

Beth: Sweetheart, are you okay? I didn't mean to --

Summer: I'm gonna have a bruise! It's picture day!

Beth: It's not, don't overreact. I can clean it up.

Summer: (sobs) I want the police to take me!

(Cut back to the present)

Summer: Morty, give a gun to the lady that got pregnant with me too early and constantly makes it our problem.

Beth: Thank you, sweetie.

Cross Teddy Bear: Beth, Beth, please!

Beth: I thought it was too good to be true that we'd have compatible kidneys. (shoots the bear, parasite screeches ) ( guns cock ) ( screaming ) ( blasting ) ( screeching )

Rick: (Corners Pencilvester) Come on, man. Haven't we ever had an uncomfortable silence or an awkward fart on a road trip? Come on, Pencilvester. Give me anything.

Pencilvester: Rick, I'm Pencilvester. Listen to that name. You can't kill me.

Rick: You're right. (To Morty) Kill Pencilvester.

(Morty shoots Pencilvester, parasite screeches ) (Summer shoots Frankenstein, parasite screeches ) (Summer shooting, parasites screeching )

Tinkles: Summer, I've always loved you!

Summer: Yep. (Shoots Tinkles, parasite screeches ) ( all gasp, Summer shoots ) ( more screeching ) (Morty shouts)

(Summer flashes back: Summer walks into the kitchen and turns on the light, and sees Morty masturbating.)

Summer: Oh, my god!

Morty: I-I-I thought you went to a concert!

Summer: We forgot the tickets! Why in the kitchen?!

Morty: I do it everywhere! Stop shaming me!

Summer: You're not the victim here!

Morty: I hate you, and I was thinking about your friend Grace!

Summer: Aaaaaah!

(cut back to the present, more shooting, parasites screeching )

Mr. Beauregard: Ah. Master Rick. Remember when you weren't going to shoot me? (Rick shoots Mr. Beauregard, parasite screeches )

Rick: I guess I did the butler! Ha ha! Does -- d-does that scan?

Ghost in a Jar: Oh, I-I get it. It's a play on "the butler did it."

Rick: Thanks, ghost in a jar. You always were good at pointing out potentially obscure comedy. (shoots ghost in a jar, parasite screeches ) ( screeches )

Jerry: You got to hide me, Sleepy Gary.

Sleepy Gary: Don't worry. I have a plan. If we can get to my boat, there's a -- (Beth shoots Sleepy Gary, Gary slowly turns back into a parasite, screeches )

Jerry: No. No! Send me to Gary. I want to be with Gary.

(Beth flashes back: Jerry and Beth are running from a homeless man toward their car. Jerry makes it to the car first, gets in and locks the doors. Beth is holding groceries and tries to open the locked car door.)

Beth: Whoa. What the hell?

Jerry: Look out for that homeless guy!

Beth: Open the door! Open the door! Open the door!

Jerry: There isn't time! Just run!

Beth: ( grunts ) Get out here and help me!

Jerry: They say you shouldn't do that! Just run!

(Cut back to the present)

Beth: Ugh. Sorry, Jerry. You're real.

Jerry: ( crying ) I'm a parasite!

Beth: Yeah, but you're real.

Jerry: (tries to kiss Beth)

Beth: Uh, uh, I need time to forget about Sleepy Gary.

Jerry: Me, too.

( Rick opens the blast shields )

Rick: From now on, let's all be careful to wash our hands when we get back from outer space. That goes for everyone.

Jerry: This is depressing. We killed every good person in the house. We're what's left? What a family.

Rick: At least we're real, Jerry. We're real. Rikki tikki tavi!

Mr. Poopybutthole: Ooh, whee! Amen to that. Now, this little poopypants is hungry. Will somebody pass me a pork chop? ( chomping )

Mr. Poopybutthole: Huh. I-is -- is something wrong, Beth?

(Beth shoots Mr. Poopybutthole in the chest, and Mr. Poopybutthole flies into the wall bleeding and screaming, and hits the ground)

Rick: No, Beth!

Mr. Poopybutthole: Oh, fuck.

Beth: Wait, but I --

Mr. Poopybutthole: Oh, Beth! Why?!

Jerry: I need an ambulance! There's been a shooting. My wife shot... Uh, my -- my wife shot a long-time family friend.

Mr. Poopybutthole: Why?

Summer: Oh, my god, oh, my god, oh, my god, Mr. Poopybutthole.

Beth: I-I thought --

Morty: Keep breathing!

Mr. Poopybutthole: Oh, god. What's happening?

Morty: Look at me! Look at me! Don't -- don't fall asleep!

Mr. Poopybutthole: Is -- is this what bleeding to death is? Oh, whee. Is this how I die?

Rick: Oh, geez! Oh, my god!

Mr. Poopybutthole: Why would you do this? Beth. It's not supposed to hurt. I-I thought... ( siren wails ) Ooh, whee.

(Beth runs into the kitchen and pours a glass of wine, trembling and bawling, getting wine everywhere)

[CREDITS]

(Mr. Poopybutthole is in a hospital doing physical therapy with a nurse as the family watches through a window. Beth is holding flowers.)

Beth: Oh, he -- he's looking a lot better.

Rick: Listen, Beth, don't torture yourself. I made a similar mistake years ago, but, you know, on a planetary scale.

Beth: Is, um, is he mad at me?

Rick: He's not pressing charges. I mean, that's got to be the "you shot me" equivalent of not being mad.

(Nurse steps out of the room)

Beth: Can he have visitors?

Doctor: He'd like to be alone. He told me to tell you he's sorry you didn't have bad memories of him? If you love him, you should leave. ( door closes )

(Smith family walks out of the hospital)

Rick: (Smiles) And that's the wa-a-a-a-y the news goes.

[END]

(A giant yellow head flies through space toward Earth. The Earth catches fire and land masses start collapsing as the wind picks up.)

(A man takes a golf swing in the middle of the storm. A large piece of land drops out in front of him, leaving a large hole.)

Man: Hey, golf is easy now!

(The hole gets larger and the man falls in.)

Man: Aahh! Golf is hard again! Golf is hard agaaaaaaain!

(A news anchor in a raincoat, Terry, is downtown with people panicking in the background as the giant head stares blankly at Earth. A news title says “ArmagHEADdon?!”.)

Terry: The view here is the same as yours, Jim. A giant head has entered Earth’s gravity, triggering climate change and natural disasters we thought were impossible for at least another eight years.

Jim: (in news studio) Let’s not make this political, Terry. Do we know what this giant head wants?

(Giant Head clears its throat, creating a large wind blast)

Giant Head: SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.

(winds pick up and the tides change rapidly with its speech)

Terry: Jim, you heard *static* said, “Show me what you got.”

Giant Head: SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT. I WANT TO SEE WHAT YOU GOT. (lamp post falls over, Terry runs out of frame)

(Rick turns off the TV, they are on the couch)

Rick: Oh boy. Time to go, Morty.

Morty: Uhh, where?

(Rick puts on sunglasses)

Rick: The Pentagon. I mean, not THE Pentagon. *burp* The lame one, here on Earth.

(Rick and Morty walk out of frame)

[INTRO]

(At the house, winds still blow strongly. Summer, Beth and Jerry are standing outside.)

Summer: Is it God? If it’s God, do we get out of school?

Beth: It’s not God, Summer.

Jerry: She’s allowed to think it’s God if she wants, honey!

Beth: Shut up, Jerry.

Jerry: Ok…

(Rick and Morty pull out of the garage in the ship.)

Beth: Dad, what do you know about this?

Rick: Morty and I are going to look into it. You guys hold tight.

(they fly off)

(Mr. Goldenfold arrives on a moped.)

Mr. Goldenfold: Scary stuff, huh? Pretty freaky. Hi, I’m Morty’s math teacher. I’m also part of the street team inviting folks to the church downtown so we can pray together.

Beth: How is praying going to help?

Mr. Goldenfold: Ma’am, a giant head in the sky is controlling the weather. Did you wanna play checkers? Let’s be rational! I’ll see you at God’s house! (leaves)

(Pentagon war room, everyone is arguing)

President: Gentlemen, gentlemen, one at a time! Simon?

Simon: SETI, NORAD, and every broadcaster on the planet are attempting to show this being what humanity’s got. String theory, world history, the human genome.

(Nathan slams fist on table)

Nathan: Have you tried sending it launch codes? Mr. President, what America’s got is 70,000 megatons of KABOOM-BOOM! And I say we show it right up this floating head’s ass!

(Argument begins again. A portal appears and Rick and Morty step through.)

Guards: Hold it! Don’t move! (they approach Rick and Morty with guns)

Rick: Stay back! This watch turns people into snakes!

(Guards stop and look at Nathan for approval. Nathan nods at them, and the guards aim. A laser fires at the guards and they disappear, leaving only snakes.)

President: Stand down. Everybody stand down! I’m the leader of these people and I’m unarmed. There’s no need for any more snake-makery.

Rick: My name is Rick Sanchez. This here’s my grandson Morty. (drinks from flask)

Everyone: Hi, Morty.

Morty: Hey.

Rick: I’ve seen enough of the galaxy to know that what we’ve got here is a Cromulon from the Cygnus-5 Expanse. So you can forget about nukes, and you can forget about math. (points to viewscreen showing floating head) This head won’t go away until *burp* Earth shows them it’s got a hit song.

Everyone: Seriously, that’s impossible, etc…

Simon: You mean like Vivaldi?

Rick: No, Frasier. A live performance of a newly-written, catchy, original song. The Cromulon feed on the talent and showmanship of less-evolved lifeforms.

President: All right, all right. Thank you, Mr. Sanchez. Change of plan, people. Get me Pharrell, Randy Newman, Billy Corgan, and The-Dream. (no one responds) The-Dream? He wrote “Umbrella” and “Single Ladies”? You people haven’t heard of The-Dream?

Rick: You’re gonna wanna put them on that giant speaker system at your sonic testing facility at Area 51.

Nathan: How do you know about that?

President: For God’s sake, Nathan, the man turns people into snakes. He can use Google Maps.

Aide: Sir! Pharrell, Newman, Corgan, and that Dream guy. They’re all dead.

President: What? How is that possible? Do people just die when I name them?

Aide: The Grammys, sir. There was an earthquake and all the musicians... (sniffs, holding back tears) All the famous ones, they’re gone.

President: Dear God.

Aide: Hold on, sir, just a minute. Ice-T survived. He’s inbound on an F-15, ETA two hours.

Rick: Good luck, Mr. President.

Simon: Sir, the magnetic poles are about to reverse. In two hours, there may not be an Earth to save.

(Rick opens a portal)

President: Sanchez! Are you a musician?

Rick: I dabble, Mr. President.

President: Get this man and his grandson on a Blackhawk to Area 51.

(At the church, everyone is panicking.)

Father Bob: People! Everyone! Remain calm! Every crisis of faith is an opportunity for more faith! When God deals you an 11, you don’t fold! You double down, and always hit on a soft 16. That means you, Jews.

Jew: I beg your pardon, pastor, but the last I looked outside, it seems to be you that’s been dealt the weak hand. Jews rule! (no one responds) Nobody? Ok, tough church.

Principal Vagina: Hi, Principal Vagina. The name’s real, possibly Scandinavian. I’m just gonna come out and make this pitch. The old gods are dead. Fuck all previous existing religions. All hail the one true god, the giant head in the sky.

(everyone reacts)

Principal Vagina: Ah, di di di di. (to Bob) Bob, Bob, I get it. But unless this (holds up a necklace with a cross) can beat that… what have you done for me lately? (tosses necklace to Bob) So if you wanna excuse me, I’m going out on the sidewalk and dropping to my knees and pledging my eternal soul to the thing that literally controls the fucking weather! (walks out) Outta my way!

Pastor Bob: Ok, if sanity’s been restored to this assembly, I’d like to talk about the cost of repairing our new organ. Sally, the plate, please.

Mr. Goldenfold: (holds up a dollar) Ohhhh, this is my favorite part!

(Helicopters over the desert, subtitle “Nevada Desert: Restricted Air Space”. Rick and Morty are on a helicopter)

Morty: Rick, are you really a musician?

Rick: Who’s NOT a musician, Morty?

Morty: Me!

Rick: Yeah, not with that attitude.

Jump Master: We’re in the drop zone! I’m the jump master! My name’s Jamey! With an E-Y! Go, go, go! (Rick slides down rope)

Morty: B-b-but we don’t have a song!

(Outside the church, Principal Vagina is on the sidewalk on his knees)

Principal Vagina: Giant head in the sky, please forgive all that we’ve done. We’re sorry for increased levels of emissions and our racism. And of course, the amber alerts I keep ignoring on my phone.

(At Area 51 speaker system, Rick and Morty slide down rope out of helicopter)

Rick and Morty: WhooooOOOOAHHHH!!!!

(They land on a stage with various live performance equipment on it. The yellow Cromulon is in front of the stage staring.)

Rick: (picks up a microphone) All right, Morty, let’s get ready to do it! Why don’t you, uh, find a button on one of those keyboards and lay down some kind of beat?

Morty: Rick, I think we need to cut our losses. We get our family and portal out of here!

Rick: Morty! Good music comes from people who are relaxed. Just hit a button, Morty! Gimme a beat!

Morty: Oh man, ok, all right, um…

(Morty presses a key and a beat starts, Rick knocks over a mic stand and starts “singing”)


Rick: Ahhhhh yeahhhhh

Ya gotta get schwifty

(Morty starts beating a tambourine in rhythm)

Ya gotta get schwifty in here

It’s time to get schwifty


(The President and Nathan are watching the performance on a screen inside)

Nathan: Get… schwifty? What the hell is that?

President: It’s our world’s best effort, that’s what.


Rick: Take off your pants and your panties

Shit on the floor

Time to get schwifty in here

I’m Mr. Bulldops


Nathan: Mr. Bulldops?

President: Don’t analyze it, Nathan. It’s working!


Rick: Take a shit on the floor

Time to get schwifty in here


(Weather starts to die down around the world)

(At the church)

Pastor Bob: And third-level donors get our all access family pass.

Summer: Listen! The storm is stopping!

(On the stage)


Rick: Hey, take your pants off

It’s schwifty time today

(song ends)


Giant Head: Hmmmm.

(everyone at Area 51 waits in anticipation)

(at the church)

Principal Vagina: Please be kind to us for we are but tiny things with entire bodies stuck to your ground.

(at the stage)

Giant Head: I LIKE WHAT YOU GOT. GOOD JOB.

(Giant Head flies away)

(everyone at Area 51 cheers and celebrates)

(at the church, everyone lifts Principal Vagina, “What do you know, he was right! Hooray Principal Vagina!”)

Beth: Now hold on a second, let’s be rational about this.

(everyone stops and stares at Beth)

Beth: No, I’m… I’m just saying, we don’t know if there’s a cause-effect relationship --

(earthquake hits, Beth falls on ground)

Beth: Oh, God, what’s going on now?

(at the stage, Rick and Morty and Area 51 panic)

(The Earth is surrounded by an energy field and disappears. Earth reappears in another galaxy with four other planets, a disco ball-like sun, and several different-colored Cromulons looking at Earth.)

(At Area 51)

President: What the hell happened?

Aide: Mr. President, you’re gonna wanna see this.

Rick: I think planet Earth has just been transported.

(At the church)

Principal Vagina: The head has left and sent its children!

Beth: Holy CRAP!

(everyone gets on their knees)

Summer: Oh dear giant head, we apologize for that discussion! It will never happen again!

(everyone starts murmuring prayers)

(At Area 51)

Simon: Sir, we’ve started picking up on a garbled signal. We’re decrypting it now.

(screen gradually descrambles)

(Screen shows different bands of different aliens on different stages. Dance music plays in the background as the Cromulon narrates.)

Cromulon: WE ASKED THEM TO SHOW US WHAT THEY GOT. AND THEY DID. NOW WE’LL SEE WHICH OF THEM HAS GOT THE MOST. 24 HOURS, FIVE PLANETS, FIVE SONGS. BUT IN THE END, THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE. PLANET MUSIC! All participation is involuntary. Disqualified and losing planets are disintegrated by plasma ray.

Rick: Uhh, it’s probably a bad time to mention it, but any astronauts you guys had in orbit are definitely dead.


ACT 2

(dance music plays, Planet Music opening shows)

Cromulon: Welcome back to Planet Music! First up, let’s hear the latest song from planet Parblesnops. The Greebybobes! SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.

Greebybobe: Hold it, hold it, stop! Music isn’t about competition or captivity! If you love music, you love freedom. Let these worlds be free, please!

Cromulon: DISQUALIFIED!

(plasma ray powers up and fires at the planet, blowing it up)

Cromulon: There’s one every season. Moving on to planet Arbolez Meterosos. Arbolian Meterososians. SHOW US WHAT YOU GOT.

Arbolian Meterososian: Ah two, three, four…

(The Arbolian Meterososians play a very simple and underwhelming song while looking at the Cromulons for approval.)

(At Area 51. Rick, Morty and Ice-T are in a studio with several instruments. Rick is playing a bass, Morty is poking at a keyboard, and Ice-T is in the corner. The aide comes in.)

Aide: Rick, Morty, Ice-T. The timetable’s moved up. Earth’s on in six hours.

Morty: Like we’re not already under enough pressure! (Morty flips a bowl of peanuts at the aide and it hits him in the head. The aide leaves.)

Rick and Ice-T: Whoa ho ho ho ho!

Rick: Geez, Morty. The guy’s just doing his job. Take it easy.

Morty: Rick, Ice-T, could you guys take it less easy?! We’ve got six hours to come up with a song!

Rick: Genius happens in the moment, Morty. (walks over to keyboard)

Morty: Well, can we at least go get our family? You know, so we can take them with-with-with us if we lose?

Rick: That’s planning for failure, Morty. Even dumber than regular planning. (presses a button on the keyboard) Balls.

(Morty walks toward the portal gun)

Rick: Morty, Morty, stop! Listen! There’s only so much charge left in this thing. If we portal home from here and back, we’re not gonna have enough charge left to get off-world. Get it?

Morty: What?!

Rick: Yeah, *burp* you see, I try to shelter you from certain realities, *burp* Morty. Cause if I let you make me nervous, then we can’t get schwifty.

Morty: Stop saying it like it’s a thing! You made it up!

Rick: Hey, Morty! Could you lick my… (Rick presses keys on the keyboard with the sample of him saying “Balls”)

(The President, Nathan, and his aide are watching them through a window)

Morty: Rick, cut it out! That’s not funny, Rick!

Nathan: I’ve seen enough. These guys are one-hit wonders.

President: And what’s your plan, General?

Nathan: We still have the nuclear option. On my word, we can launch a nuclear missile at every one of those heads in the sky.

President: Our planet’s held captive on a live game show and your solution is to shoot the audience? You can put your faith in nukes if we get through this, General. Until then, I’ll put mine in Rick and Morty. “Get Schwifty” was a jam.

(in field outside church, everyone is dressed in robes wearing head hats. Principal Vagina is holding a homemade satellite on a stick with an earbud)

Principal Vagina: Hello? Yes sir, yeah. Thank you sir, thank you. He says he’s proud of what we’re doing and hopes we have a great Ascension Festival! Happy Ascension!

All: Happy Ascension!

(Jerry is holding an ice cream cone, Beth looks unimpressed.)

Beth: We should pack up and leave town now.

Jerry: I think it’s inspiring that our community is coping with fear in a way that involves a festival and homemade ice cream. If you’d stop being such an evangelical atheist, you might start enjoying yourself.

(Summer arrives wearing a head hat, holding two head hats. Beth double-facepalms.)

Jerry: Whoa! Look at you! You’re wearing the hat and everything!

Summer: Here’s yours! (puts hat on Jerry) Mom, do you mind if I cook dinner tonight?

Beth: Yeah, sure. Wait, what??

Summer: I love you guys. You gave me life. And it’s the will of the many heads that all children honor their parents.

Beth: Dinner sounds nice.

(Ethan arrives.)

Ethan: Pardon, Mr. and Mrs. Smith. Summer, are you coming to the Ascension?

Summer: Father, can we please go to the Ascension?

Jerry: Sure! Let’s go to the Ascension. Wh-wh-what is it?

(Three people are each tied to a bunch of balloons, tethered to a stake in the ground. One is labeled “Thief”, another labeled “Goth”, and the third labeled “Movie Talker”.)

Principal Vagina: We hereby send these un-wantables skyward that they might be inhaled by the many heads, later to be sneezed back to us as better babies! (cuts first rope) Headward, free now to rise. (cuts second rope) Headward, free now to rise. (cuts third rope) Headward, free now to rise.

Summer: Oh yes, yes! Rise to the giant head! You are free to be free!

(in the studio)

Ice-T: A squeegee comes up from the garage, right? And he’s got a lobster in one hand and movie tickets in the other. He’s like, “I’m ready!”

(Rick and Ice-T laugh)

Ice-T: Who would take a lobster to see Iron Man 3?

(Rick and Ice-T laugh)

Ice-T: Aw, damn. We’re out of original flavor Fig Newtons. I should get going anyway.

Rick: Wait, wait, wait! Come on, h-hold on a second!

(Rick grabs the portal gun, hits a couple buttons, makes a portal in the floor and drops through it. Another portal appears in the ceiling and Rick drops out of it with several snacks.)

Morty: What?!

Ice-T: Damn. You didn’t tell me you fuck around with portals and shit.

Morty: That’s it!

(Morty grabs the portal gun and gets up.)

Rick: Whoa, whoa! Morty! Give me that!

Morty: You lied! You lied about the charge! You were just being lazy! Get back! Sit down!

Rick: Morty, just put it down. You don’t know what you’re doing.

(Morty turns to a wall and fires a portal.)

Morty: I’m going to go find Mom and Dad.

Rick: Nooooo!

(Morty jumps through the portal and Rick tries to grab him, but the portal closes.)

Rick: Ahhhh, shit!

President: Ah, shit.

(Morty steps through different portals to different worlds, ending up in Buttworld.)

Morty: Ahhh, shit.

(Outside of the Smiths’ home, Summer, Beth and Jerry are hoeing the front yard.)

Summer: And then Ethan played guitar and we learned the Seven Contemplations of the Head by singing them. It was really fun. Praise be the head!

Jerry and Beth: Praise be the…

Jerry: Yeah.

(Principal Vagina arrives on a bicycle with a seat, bell ringing.)

Principal Vagina: Hi folks, Head Priest Vagina. Thanks for farming all those potatoes. It’s 6 p.m., so if you’re a parent, you’re now entitled to adoration from your children.

Summer: I’m going to start dinner! (walks into the house)

Beth: I don’t know what to say. Summer is doing really well here.

Jerry: She’s aced every test in potato class, and look how important potatoes have become.

(Someone tied to balloons floats by in the background with label “Inappropriate Joke Teller”.)

Beth: She’s not getting pregnant or doing drugs or missing curfew…

Balloon Man: Please help me! You can reach me if you try. Please help me!!

Beth: That’s not our business as long as Summer is thriving!

(Inside the Smiths’ house, Summer serves dinner at the table.)

Summer: Taco time! (Summer pulls off the lid to reveal exactly 12 tacos.) I hope it pleases you as the head desires.

Beth: That’s wonderful, Summer!

Jerry: We’re so proud of you. But honestly, you don’t have to make dinner every night.

Summer: Of course I do, silly! (gasps and drops lid) Oh my God, daddy, I’m sorry I called you silly! I’m so sorry! (turns around and drops to knees) Heavenly head and cranial creator! Forgive my transgressions against family and community! May my chores complete me as I complete them!

(Summer sulks out of the dining room and up the stairs.)

(Morty stumbles out of a portal on a green world and collapses to the ground holding the portal gun. A figure looms over Morty, pokes him with a stick, then rolls him over.)

Birdperson: Morty.

Morty: Birdperson?

Birdperson: You appear to be dying. I will make efforts to prevent this, but can promise nothing.

(In the studio, Rick plays with the keyboard and Ice-T is in the corner on his phone.)

Rick: Wh-What do you think, Ice? Probably a little over-developed.

Ice-T: Shit. Over-developed, under-developed. Bad songs are bad songs.

Rick: Well, do you think maybe, could you give me some help with it, or… ?

Ice-T: Ah, hell no, man. You do your thing, but I can’t afford to get my pride wrapped up in your shame. You know what I’m sayin’?

Rick: Ice, I don’t want to be a negative Nelly or anything, but *burp* if Morty doesn’t come back with my portal gun and I eat it out there, it’s, uh, kind of your problem too.

Ice-T: Pfff. I ain’t worried about no Earth blowin’ up, man.

Rick: What? Why not?

Ice-T: Yo, this is why.

(Ice-T transforms into a floating ice shard with the same face.)

Rick: What the fuck? You can turn into ice?

Ice-T: My story begins at the dawn of time in the far away realm of Alphabetrium. There, every being is a letter of the alphabet. But I was frozen and exiled to the cosmos by my elders as punishment for not caring enough about anything. Earth is just one of the many stops on my lifelong journey with no destination. So you better believe I don’t care if it blows up! Cause I’ll just be ice, floatin’ through space, like a comet!

Rick: Take it from me, Ice. *burp* You can’t just *burp* float around space not caring about stuff forever.

Ice-T: Pshhhh. Man, watch me. Good luck, Rick.

(Ice-T blasts out of the ceiling of the studio.)

President: Ok, things are getting out of hand. I better make sure Rick has everything he needs to “get schwifty.”

Nathan: Oh, for God’s sake, that’s enough.

(Nathan pulls a gun on the President)

President: What the hell are you doing, Nathan? I’m the goddamn President of the United fuckin’ States!

Nathan: I’m setting the nuclear option to launch one minute into Earth’s performance. And you, Mr. President, I hope you like being hit in the face with a gun!

President: Wait, wait, wait, why-why --

(Nathan pistol-whips the President and he falls to the ground.)

(At Birdperson’s residence, Birdperson serves Morty a bowl of food and tinkers with the portal gun.)

Birdperson: I believe I can access the history of Rick’s gun and help you get back to him.

Morty: But can you help me get to my family? You know, at my house?

Birdperson: Is your intention to abandon Rick using his own portal gun? In bird culture, this is considered a dick move.

Morty: All of Rick’s moves are dick moves! Wh-what am I eating? What is this, bird seed?

Birdperson: It is random debris. I found it in my carpet. I don’t know what humans eat.

(Tammy arrives wearing a bathrobe.)

Tammy: You know what THIS human eats!

Birdperson: Don’t be gross, Tammy.

Tammy: (leans over to Morty and whispers) Bird… dick.

Morty: Tammy… gross. Birdperson, you always stick up for Rick, but he doesn’t care about anyone but himself. He doesn’t think about the consequences of anything he does.

Birdperson: And as a result, he has the power to save or destroy entire worlds. And he is the reason you and I know each other. And the reason I’m alive at all.

(Birdperson points to a wall of photos of himself and Rick together. Last shown is Rick holding a baby.)

Morty: What’s that? Who’s that baby?

Birdperson: Morty, suppose you could retrieve your family from Earth but had to abandon Rick. I could give your loved ones shelter on Birdworld, even jobs, possibly as worm ranchers. How often do you think you might look up at the stars and wonder what might have been had you just put your faith in Rick?

(Morty stands in thought for a moment. Planet Music starts back up on the TV.)

Cromulon: That was Chunky Tunk with “Full Ming Mong, Empty Gorp Dorp.” Up next, planet Earth!

Morty: Oh God! We’re up?!?!

(At the church, Principal Vagina and other priests are talking with Jerry and Beth.)

Principal Vagina: Jerry and Beth, your family is a golden example of what Headism has to offer the world.

Beth: The world?

Principal Vagina: Headism is a hit. We’re taking it worldwide and would like Jerry to be our church’s “Head” of Advertising.

Jerry: You… would?

Principal Vagina: Beth, we’d like to promote you from horse surgeon, straight past human surgeon, to “Head” of Medicine.

Beth: That’s my dream! That’s my dream.

Jerry: Thank you. This is all so overwhelming, but, uh… we can’t.

Beth: Absolutely not.

Principal Vagina: I’m sorry?

Beth: We’ve been waiting 16 years for our daughter to respect us, but the key is, it has to be “our” daughter, not this person she’s become.

Jerry: We’ll take our chances raising her without fancy new jobs outside of a potato-based religion. (turns and puts his hands on Beth’s shoulders) And you know what? I’m sick of pretending that we’re together because of the kids in the first place! I married you because you’re the love of my life!

Beth: (puts her hands on Jerry’s sides) And I‘m lucky to have you and I never tell you that! You know, we will come out of this stronger as a family!

(Cut: Summer has tied Beth and Jerry to ropes and balloons outside.)

Beth: Please don’t do this, please don’t do this! Summer!

Jerry: Summer, listen carefully. I stole a paper clip and I have it in my cheek but I don’t know what to do with it and it hurts.

Summer: You’re going to be ok! (ties another balloon to them) You will come back as babies!

Jerry: I AM a baby! I’m a baby NOW!

(In the now empty studio, a portal opens up and Morty steps through.)

Morty: Hello? Is anybody here? (looks through the studio window and sees the President tied up) Mr. President!

(Morty darts out of the studio to the President and unties him. The President climbs up to the console and presses a button)

President: This is Bluebird. Code tango-niner-alpha. Abort launch. Abort! Hello? (releases button) He’s blocked me out.

Morty: Sir, I need to get to the stage and help Rick get schwifty!

President: It won’t matter how schwifty you get, Morty. The General’s got nukes set to launch halfway through Earth’s song!

Morty: Oh my God! C-c-can you fly a Blackhawk?

President: Can the Pope’s dick fit through a donut?

Morty: Uhhh, I’m not sure?

President: Exactly!

(On the stage, Rick stands before the Cromulons.)

Cromulon: SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.

Rick: Ahem. (starts a low-key, bouncy song) Uhhh… lop-oo-lop-oo-lop-oo-dups, nop-oo-nop-oo-nop-oo-nuts.

(Outside the church, Principal Vagina is preparing to cut Beth and Jerry loose. The Cromulons' faces become angry.)

Principal Vagina: Headward free now to rise!

Mr. Goldenfold: Hey! Look at the heads! Looks like the heads are gettin’ angry!

(In the desert, the President flies the helicopter clumsily to the stage with Morty in tow.)

President: I’m really bad at this, Morty! There are way too many buttons on this thing!

Morty: Mr. President, if I’ve learned one thing today, it’s that sometimes, you have to not give a fuck!

(On the stage, Rick continues his song.)

Rick: Nup-oo-nup-oo-nup-oo-nups… ooh, tough crowd.

(Outside the church, Principal Vagina is preparing to cut Beth and Jerry loose.)

Principal Vagina: I’m sure that has… that has nothing to do with this.

(Principal Vagina cuts the rope and the Cromulons immediately start booing.)

Summer: The heads are displeased! (She jumps and grabs Beth and Jerry’s legs.)

Ethan: Summer! (He jumps and grabs her.)

(On the stage Rick continues his song as the Blackhawk arrives. Morty and the President slide down ropes out of the helicopter onto the stage.)

Rick: Morty!

(The Cromulons begin cheering with “Yay!” and “Hooray!” etc. with smiles on their faces. The now unmanned helicopter crashes off frame.)

(Outside the church, Summer and Ethan are pulling Beth and Jerry down to the ground.)

Mr. Goldenfold: The heads love this! They love it when we DON’T kill the Smith family!

(The balloons are released, but Beth and Jerry are still tied up.)

Principal Vagina: No! Stop that! You’re not allowed to interpret the will of the heads!

(On the stage, the President grabs the microphone and speaks to the control room staff.)

President: Call off the nuclear strike! This is the President. Stop the nuclear missile launch!

Nathan: Just launch the missiles!

(Nathan smashes a button and two nuclear missiles emerge from the ground in the desert. The Cromulons watch as the missiles fly toward the yellow Cromulon and lay puny explosions on its chin.)

Cromulon: BOO! NOT COOL!

(Outside the church)

Principal Vagina: I’m the only one that speaks to the heads!

(Cromulon zooms in close to Earth)

Cromulon: DISQUALIFIED!

Mr. Goldenfold: The heads disqualified Vagina! Get him!

(The mob runs toward Principal Vagina. The Cromulon zooms closer.)

(On the stage)

Cromulon: DISQUALIFIED! DISQUALIFIED!

(The plasma ray points toward Earth and begins powering up. The control room staff evacuates. The plasma ray heads right for the stage but something flies in the way and blocks it.)

All: Ice-T?

(Ice-T slowly crumbles from the plasma ray’s power)

Ice-T: That’s right, it’s me, Ice-T! I care now! You made me care more! With all due respect, I’d like to hear what Rick and Morty have to play.

Morty: What do you say, Rick?

Rick: I say… (grabs mic) Let’s do it!

(Morty presses a button on the keyboard and a different beat starts playing. The heads start with “Hooray” etc while smiling. Rick claps over his head and Morty dances a little.)

Rick: All right!

Morty: Ohhhh yeahhhh!

Rick: Come on, here we go!

Morty: Ohhhh yeahhhh!

Rick: Say it with me!


All: Head bent over

Raised up posterior

Head bent over (ahh yeah)

Raised up posterior


(Outside the church, Principal Vagina is ties up with balloons and rope. A different person cuts the rope. Vagina sees the heads smiling as he rises.)

Principal Vagina: Ohhh my GOOOOODDDD!!!


(On the stage)

All: Head bent over (yeah)

Raised up posterior (oh yeah)

Head bent over (oh yeah)

(Raised up posterior!)


Cromulon: After 988 seasons of Planet Music, the Cromulons have decided to declare Earth the final winner and bring our musical reality show to a conclusion. Goodbye!

(Earth is transported back to the right place.)

All: Yeah, we did it!

(Outside the church, everyone is still and silent.)

Mr. Goldenfold: Did he just say “musical reality show”?

Jerry: Yeah, it’s possible that we may have been correlating some things that weren’t actually related at all.

(Principal Vagina floats by in the background.)

Principal Vagina: HEEEEELLLLPPPP!!!!!

Beth: We should go get him.

(At Area 51, everyone is celebrating. The President shakes hands with Morty.)

President: I hope I can call on you again if we need you, Morty.

Morty: Sure thing! And I was kinda hoping that I could get a selfie with you?

(The President waves over Secret Service.)

President: Actually, if you try to tell anyone what happened here, we’ll deny it and probably worse.

(A Secret Service agent grabs Morty’s phone and snaps it in half.)

Morty: Understood.

(Nathan runs toward them with a gun.)

Nathan: DIIIIEEEE!!!!

(He is hit with an energy blast from Rick and disappears.)

President: Why didn’t he turn into a snake?

Rick: Trade secret, Mr. President. Particle beam in a wristwatch… snake holster on the leg.

(He pulls up his pant leg to reveal a holster which a snake crawls out of. The snake slithers away and a soldier whistles impressed. The President begins laughing and hugs Rick.)

President: I love this man!

[CREDITS]

(On Alphabetrium, Ice-T enters a great hall containing his elders: a grey J, a gaseous F with a female face, and a Q made of lava. All three are holding different scepters.)

Ice-T: Magnesium-J, Hydrogen-F. Father.

Magnesium-J: Word of your selfless acts on the Earth planet have travelled across the galaxy.

Ice-T: I have changed. I am ready to rejoin my brethren on Alphabetrium.

Magnesium-J: Very well. Your exile ends today!

(All three press their scepters on the ground and the scepters glow. The beams form another beam that hits Ice-T and transforms him into a letter T made of water.)

Magnesium-J: Welcome home... Water-T.

(The hall shakes and begins falling apart.)

Purple-P: The Numbericons! They’re attacking!

Magnesium-J: Battle stations!

(A piece of the building falls on Magma-Q. Water-T runs over to him.)

Water-T: Father!

Magma-Q: I love you son. I should have never turned you to ice. (He dies.)

(Water-T produces a pistol on each T-end and begins walking out.)

Magnesium-J: Water-T, where are you going? There’s too many of them!

(A dramatic zoom to Water-T’s face.)

Water-T: Then I better crunch the numbers.

(Water-T bursts out of the door shooting at several Numbericons. The frame freezes mid-action and we hear gunshots and screaming. A title appears: “This summer: Water-T And The Rise Of The Numbericons.”)

[END]

walking away from Egan Cinema

Morty: Geez, I can't believe we found a version of Earth with a Ball Fondlers movie franchise.

Summer: I can't believe the things this reality considers PG-13

Morty: Yeah, I'm pretty jealous.

Rick: Don't be Morty, there are pros and cons to every reality, fun facts about this one; it's got giant telepathic spiders, eleven 9/11's, aaaand the best ice cream in the multiverse!

Summer: Shut up! Morty: W-whoa!

Rick: We're gonna go get some ice-cream motherfuckers!

Car does not start.

Rick: Oh great.

Morty: Oh boy. W-what's wrong Rick, is it the quantum carburettor or something?

Rick: Quantum carburettor? Jesus Morty; you can't just add a sci fi word to a car word and hope it means something. Huh, it looks like something's wrong with the microverse battery - we're going to have to go inside.

Morty: Uhm. Go inside what?

Rick: The battery Morty. Be right back Summer; stay put, don't touch any buttons, and ignore all random thoughts that feel -- spider-y.

Summer: Wait! You can't leave me here!

Rick: You'll be fine. Ship, keep Summer safe.

Ship: Keep. Summer. Safe.

Summer: Egh, wonderful.

Man with scar across his face and a ponytail approaches the car.

Man: Hey, excuse me, hello?

Summer: Uhmm...

Man: What you think you're better than me? Nobody's better than me! Ey! ey!

He is banging on the ship's window; the ship extends an arm from the back and cuts him into cubes with a laser.

Summer: Agh! Aghaaaa!

Ship: Keep. Summer. Safe.

Thinner Man: Hey man, what the hell! That was my daughter's paediatrician! Uagha!

The ship lifts him off the ground with an arm and prepares to kill him with another laser.

Summer: No! Stop, don't kill him!

Ship beeps.

Ship: Confirmed.

Ship fires a single red laser into his back, and drops him to the ground

Thinner Man: Uaghuu. Ugh. Uh. Oh God! I can't feel my legs! Help! He-elp!

Ship: Summer is safe.

Summer curls into fetal position and starts crying

Summer: I don't feel safe.

Ship: Confirmed.

ship reclines chair and begins playing soothing music.

the now paralysed man bangs on the door while crying.

Thinner Man: Oh God help me! Help me! help me please! You can help me.

//intro plays

Morty: Oh man. Where are we Rick?

Rick: Morty, remember eight seconds ago when -burp- when you said 'go inside what' and I said 'the battery' and then we showed up here?

Rick: Morty, remember eight seconds ago when [Burps] when you said, "Go inside what?" And I said, "The battery"? And then we showed up here, and I wasn't like, "Whoa, this is unexpected. This is not what I was expecting, Morty. What a perplexing mystery this is."

Morty: All right, all right. We're inside the battery. I get it. You don't have to bust my balls.

Rick: Huh, this isn't right. This pipe's supposed to be sending 20 terawatts of juice up to the engine, Morty.

[Computer beeps]

Rick: Instead we've got... zero? Now what are these people doing?

Morty: W-w-w-whoa, people? [Groans]

Rick: It's time for some hands-on engine repair.All right, Morty, hold on to something.

Morty: Whoa!

Morty: Holy crap! I thought we were inside your car battery, Rick. T-t-this is like a whole p-planet or something.

Rick: Thanks, Morty. I'm pretty proud of this bad boy. Check it out.

[Keypad beeps]

Rick: I put a spatially tessellated void inside a modified temporal field until a planet developed intelligent life. I then introduced that life to the wonders of electricity, which they now generate on a global scale. And, you know, some of it goes to power my engine and charge my phone and stuff. 

Morty: You have a whole planet sitting around making your power for you? That's slavery.

Rick: It's society. They work for each other, Morty. They pay each other. They buy houses. They get married and make children that replace them when they get too old to make power. 

Morty: That just sounds like slavery with extra steps.

Rick: Ooh-la-la, someone's gonna get laid in college.

Anchor: It appears we are being revisited by the alien known as Rick, who once gave our world the gift of gooble box technology, which, when stomped on, generates electricity, powering our homes and businesses, improving our daily lives, while safely removing the dangerous waste power to a special disposal volcano. But why has Rick returned? And what will he say when he hears the big news? Let's find out.

Morty: You need to tell these people they're in a battery, Rick. It's messed up. There's caterers down there. Th-th-they're setting up chafing dishes.

Rick: Would you relax, Morty? There's nothing dishonest about what we're doing. Now slap on these antennae. These people need to think we're aliens.

Morty: What? Why?

Rick: Obviously [burps] you really [burps] know nothing about car repair.

[Fanfare plays]

Rick: Wait for the ramp, Morty. They love the slow ramp. Really gets their dicks hard when they see this ramp just slowly extending down.

[Cheering]

Rick: Greetings!

[Creatures chanting, "Rick! Rick!"]

Rick: Morty, you got to flip them off. I told them it means "Peace among worlds." How hilarious is that?

[Creatures cheering wildly]

Rick: Coming through. Two real aliens walking through here.

Mr.President: Rick, our alien friend.

Rick: Uh, Mr. President, um, couldn't help but notice that you were having problems generating power.

Mr.President: That's correct. [Chuckles] We've evolved. Our most brilliant scientist, Zeep Xanflorp, has developed a source of energy that makes gooble boxes obsolete. 

Rick: [Straining] I would love to see it.

Mr.President: [Bleep] you.

Rick: What did you say to me?!

Mr.President: "[Bleep] you." Y-you told me it means "much obliged".

Rick: Oh. Right. Uh, b-blow me.

Mr.President: No, no, no. Blow me.

Mr.President: Zeep, you have an honored guest from beyond the stars.

Zeep: I said 12 quantum stabilizers, not 11. Fix it or it's your ass. Chris, I'm in the middle of something.

Mr.President: Zeep, is Rick-- The alien. Rick the alien. Rick the alien...

Rick: Really? You're gonna pull that move? I guided your entire civilization. Your people have a holiday named Ricksgiving. They teach kids about me in school.

Zeep: I dropped out of school. It's not a place for smart people.

Morty: Ohhhh, snap!

Rick: Listen to me, you arrogant little--

Mr.President: [Chuckling] R-Rick was hoping to see your new energy source. I think he could learn a lot from you, Zeep.

Zeep: Fine. It's hard for people to grasp, but inside that container is an infinite universe with a planet capable of generating massive amounts of power. I call it a miniverse.

Rick: [Coughs] Dumb [coughs] name.

Zeep: Excuse me?

Rick: [Clears throat] Nothing. I mean, it's hard for us to comprehend all this. Would it be possible for us to get some kind of tour of your miniverse from the inside?

Zeep: This isn't a [bleep] chocolate factory. I don't have time.

Mr.President: Didn't you say time goes more slowly in the miniverse relative to the real world?

Zeep: Yes, Chris. Thanks for reminding me of that. Great president. All right, let's go.

Morty: Whoa-oh!

Zeep: Hold on to something. I put an unbounded vacuum inside a temporal field until a world developed. I then introduced the people of this world to the wonders of electricity in the form of a device I call a flooble crank.

Zeep: What they don't know is that 80% of every crank's energy output gets channeled out of the miniverse to be used by us. No more gooble boxes.

Rick: I got to tell you, Zeep, with no disrespect, I really think what you're doing here is unethical. It's not cool.

Morty: What?!

Rick: Y-y-you got the people on this world slaving away [burps] making your power. I mean, that's what I call slavery.

Zeep: No, no, no, they work for each other in exchange for money, which they then--

Rick:  Well, that just sounds like slavery with extra steps.

Zeep: Eek barba dirkle, somebody's gonna get laid in college.

Morty: Rick, a word?

Morty: What the hell was that?

Rick: I know. "Eek barba dirkle"? That's a pretty [bleep] up "ooh-la-la".

Morty: No, what are you doing telling this guy that his miniverse is unethical? Do you not see the hypocrisy here?

Rick: Holy crap. You're right, Morty. Hypocrisy. Somewhere on this planet, there's got to be an arrogant scientist prick on the verge of microverse technology, which would threaten to make Zeep's flooble cranks obsolete, forcing Zeep to say microverses are bad, at which point he'll realize what a hypocrite he's being, his people will go back to stomping on their gooble boxes, and you and I will be on ice cream street, baby! Eating that mother[bleep] ice cream! Slurping, slurping, slurping it up. 

Rick: Wh-wh-why are you making that face? 

Morty: Holy Shit[bleep]!

Zeep: It's me. I've convinced the people of this planet that I'm a traveler from another world. 

Rick: You don't think that's over[Burps]doing it a little? I mean, you could achieve the same effect with a pair of-- Never mind. You know what? I shouldn't be so critical. I'm an alien.

Zeep: Places, please. We're about to land.

Rick: [Coughs] Too fast.

[Sirens wailing]

Summer: [Whimpering]

Ship: Law enforcement converging on location. Keep Summer safe.

Summer: No! No, no! Don't hurt anybody!

Ship: [Warble] Confirm custom defense protocol-- Keep Summer safe-- No physical force. 

Summer: Yes.

Ship: Processing.

Swat Officer 1: Come out of the vehicle with your hands in the air!

Ship: Scanning assailants. [Warbling, beeping] Psychological option detected. [Beeping] Gestating.

Summer: "Gestating"?

Swat Officer 1: Come out with your hands up, or we will be forced to open fire!

Swat Officer 1: Incoming!

Swat Officer 2: We got a device!

Swat Officer 1: Bomb! Bomb!

Kid: Daddy?

Swat Officer 1: Oh, my God. [Sighs] Hunter?

Kid: Daddy?

Summer: What the hell?

Swat Officer 1: [Gasps] Jesus Christ, cease fire! Stay back! H-h-hunter?

Kid: Daddy.

Swat Officer 1: Hunter! [Sobbing] Oh, my dear, sweet God, Hunter. Oh, my boy. My boy. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It was all my fault. I'm sorry.

Kid: Daddy, leave the car alone.

Swat Officer 1: W-w-w-what?

Kid: [Distorted] Leave the car alone.

Swat Officer 1: Hunter?

Swat Officer 1: Don't--

Summer: Oh, my God.

Swat Officer 1: Stay here, Hunter! No! [Sobbing] God, no! Hunter!

Ship: All of you have loved ones. All can be returned. All can be taken away. Please step away from the vehicle. Keep Summer safe.

Zeep: And if you continue to turn your flooble cranks, I will bring you other great alien advancements.

Rick: Hey, uh, let me ask you something.

Teenyverse President: Yes?

Rick: Any of your, uh, scientists working on anything new?

Teenyverse President: All of them. That's their job.

Rick: Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I mean, like, energy-wise. Anyone working on, say, a little universe in a box?

Teenyverse President: How do you know about that? It's top secret.

Zeep: So remember-- a crank a day is not nearly enough. [Laughs] Crank it. I told them this means "Peace among worlds". How hilarious is that?

Morty: Re-really funny, Zeep.

Rick: Hey, Zeep, the fake president of your fake world has something fake important to show you.

Kyle: It's not much now, but once I learn to accelerate the temporal field, I'll be able to interact with any sentient life that evolves and introduce them to the wonders of electricity via a pulley-based device I call a blooble yank. But what they won't know is--

Zeep: You'll be taking most of their energy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I get it.

Rick: [Burps] It's show [Burps]time.

Zeep: You do realize this will make the flooble crank obsolete? This is wrong, Kyle. What you're doing is wrong. You're basically-- This is slavery. You're talking about creating a planet of slaves.

Rick: [Burps] Told you, Zeep.

Kyle: Oh, they won't be slaves. They'll work for each other and pay each other money.

Zeep: That just sounds like slavery with ex... tra... steps.

Rick: What? 

Zeep: Wait a minute. Did you create my universe? Is my universe a miniverse?

Rick: Microverse!

Kyle: Uh, teenyverse.

Rick: Ugh! You b*st*rd!

Zeep: Much obliged.

Kyle: What the hell is happening?

Morty: This is healthy, trust me.

Rick: You're my battery, mother[bleep]. [Groans] That's all you are. I made you. Your microverse sucks! And your miniverse is the size of a [bleep] lobster tank! It's whack!

Kyle: Are they not really aliens?

Morty: Nah, they're just a couple of crazy, wacky scientists, you know?

Kyle: So he made a universe, and that guy is from that universe. And that guy made a universe. And that's the universe where I was born. Where my father died. Where I couldn't make time for his funeral because I was working on my universe.

Rick: I made you!

Morty: [Laughs] Yeah. Science, huh? Ain't it a thing.

Morty: You know, one time, Rick sh-- accidentally shot his laser pistol right through my hand. You know, I mean, like, old-lady science, you know? She's a real-- You got to hang on tight, you know? Because she-- she'll-- She bucks pretty hard. Ooh, boy, what-- Oh, my God, no!

Rick, Zeep: Teenyverse.

Rick: Come on, come on, come on.

Rick: Pterodactyl!

Zeep: [Laughs] Asshole! When I get out of this teenyverse, I'm gonna smash it to pieces with you in it.

Rick: Yeah, well, when I get out of this teenyverse, I'm gonna get out of the surrounding miniverse and then the microverse around that, and guess what?

Morty: Don't make things worse, Rick! Uh, he's not gonna destroy your universe. You know, we-- We need it to start our car. 

Zeep: That's what you used my universe for? To run your car?

Rick: Yeah, but don't flatter yourself. There's always AAA, you fucking cocksucker!

Rick: What's he doing? What's he crafting? I can craft stuff, too, pal! Just like I crafted your reality!

Rick: You crafty son of a--

Zeep: Ow! I crafted the guy that created the planet you're standing on!

Rick: Yeah, and I made the stars that became the carbon in your mother's ovaries!

Zeep: I didn't ask to be born!

Morty: All right, that's it! I'm out. I-I'm gonna go into the wilderness, and I'm gonna make a new life for myself among the tree people. It can't be worse than this.

Rick: Sure. Okay, Morty. Just be back before sundown or the tree people will eat you.

Morty: That's a myth! W-w-why are you trying to start a myth?

Rick: It's a prehistoric planet, Morty. Someone has to bring a little culture. And it certainly can't be someone whose entire culture powers my brake lights!

[Sirens wailing]

Army General: Go, go, go!

Summer: Oh, my God. Oh, God. What are we going to do now?

Ship: I am unable to destroy this army. To clarify, I am quite able to destroy this army, but you will not permit it.

Summer: Correct.

Ship: You also refuse to authorize emotional countermeasures.

Summer: If you're talking about the melting ghost babies, yes, please, no more of that.

Ship: [Warble] Confirmed. I am currently constructing a security measure in compliance with your parameters. But I do want to say you are not making this easy.

Summer: You know you're kind of a dick, right?

Ship:My function is to keep Summer safe, not keep Summer being, like, totally stoked about, like, the general vibe and stuff. That's you. That's how you talk.

Rick: Hey, that's my deer!

Zeep: Aaaaaaah!

Rick: Raah!

Zeep: I hope your God is as big a dick as you.

Rick: My God's the biggest dick that's never existed. Why do you think I'm even here?

[Snake hisses]

[Eagle screeches]

Zeep: You're here because you created someone smarter than you.

Rick: Oh, I thought we were both here because I created a universe of idiots.

Morty: Kalo kada sha la.

Rick: Holy shit. Morty? I haven't seen you in months. You're leading the tree people? Huh. That's a step up.

Morty: We have no leaders. We follow only the will of the forest.

Rick: Ooh. Wow. Gaaaaay.

Zeep: That is pretty gay.

Morty: You two call yourselves geniuses, but you have spent this time learning nothing. Come with me into the forest. There is something I wish to teach you.

Morty: This is Ku'ala, the spirit tree. For generations, it has guided the-- You have to get us the fuck out of here. These people are backwards savages. They eat every third baby because they think it makes fruit grow bigger. Everyone's gross, and they all smell like piss all the time. I m-- I miss my family. I miss my laptop. I masturbated to an extra-curvy piece of driftwood the other day!

Morty: Look, I don't care what it takes. You two are putting aside your bullshit, and you're working together to get us back home.

Rick: No can do, Morty. I just can't.

Zeep: I just don't see how I can--

Morty: Ro ro dah no gah! You're smart. You'll figure it out.

[Guns cocking]

Army General: You have 10 seconds to get out of the ship! 10, 9...

Rick: All right, not bad.

Zeep: I guess you're an okay proto recombinator.

Rick: I've certainly seen worse ionic cell dioxination.

Zeep: If this works, drinks are on me.

Rick: If drinks are on you, you're gonna need a second mortgage on that tower. I'm an alcoholic.

Zeep: Opium addict.

[Both laugh]

Morty: All right, okay, okay, okay, wrap it up. You guys are the [bleep] worst! Your gods are a lie! [Bleep] you, [bleep] nature, and [bleep] trees!

Morty: Yes! You did it! Yes!

Rick: Hey, uh, how about that drink?

Zeep: Sure, I just need to go grab my wallet from inside my ship.

Rick: Is our wallet in your ship? That's where the transporter is, too, so why don't we come with?

Zeep: It's cool. I'll be back in a sec.

Rick: You know how long a second can take in a microverse?

Rick: Oh! Run, Morty! That asshole's willing to risk everything he cares about just to defeat me! He's psychotic!

[Both pant]

Rick: Morty, hop on my back.

Morty: Why?

Rick: Go, go [Burps] Sanchez ski shoes.

Morty: Aaaaaah!

Army General: ...Eight...

[Panting]

Morty: Aaaah! 

Rick: Oof!

[All grunting]

Rick: Hold still. [Grunts]

Mr. President: Oh, hey, guys. I just finished cooking us a feast.

Rick: Aaaah! Holy--

Zeep: You monster!

Mr. President: Whoa. Bad tour.

Army General: ...seven...

[Elevator bell dings]

Secretary: Hey, you got to sign out. 

Rick: Nothing you do matters! Your existence is a lie!

Secretary: If that were really true, then...

Female Visitor: I'm here to see Ron Mendleson.

Secretary: Third floor. Would you like to go to dinner with--

Female Visitor: Uh, no.

[Both panting]

Zeep: You may have created this universe, Rick, but I live in it.

[Bleep]

Morty: What are we gonna do, Rick? We're so screwed. He's gonna get to the ship and smash the microverse, and then he's gonna kill us! 

Rick: Quick, Morty, you've got to turn into a car.

Morty: What?!

Rick: A long time ago, I implanted you with a subdermal chip that could call upon dormant nanobots in your bloodstream to restructure your anatomy and turn you into a car.

Morty: Oh, my God!

Rick: Concentrate, Morty. Concentrate and turn into a car, Morty.

Morty: [Grunts]

Rick: Never mind. Here's a taxi. Get in. It's fine.

Army General: ...six...

Rick: Hey, Zeep.

Zeep: Huh?

Rick: Happy Ricksgiving, biiiiiitch.

Zeep: Aaah!

Rick: We did it, Morty. Now let's get out of here and destroy this whole universe.

Taxi Driver: Excuse me?

Army General: ...five--

Soldier: Sir?

[Spiders hiss]

Army General: Holy hell.

Soldier: Sir!

[Tires screech]

Human President: Hold you fire!

[Spider snarls]

Summer: What's going on?

Ship: I have brokered a peace agreement between the giant spiders and the government.

Human President: Thanks to the skilled diplomacy of this mysterious space car, from this day forward, human- and spiderkind will live side by side in peace. We will stop bombing them, and they will no longer use their telepathic abilities to make us wander into webs for later consumption. Instead, we will work together to make this world a better place for all, no matter how many legs.

Soldier: What do we do about the space car?

Human President: Leave it alone. I mean, what did it really do, anyways? Kill a guy and paralyze his buddy? [Chuckles] Not a bad trade for spider peace. 

Army General: .All right, that's it. Move out!

Human President: [Laughs] I love this spider!

Ship: Summer is safe.

Summer: All right, I get it.

Zeep: Rick!

[Thunder crashes]

Morty: Don't do it.

Rick: You quit school, but you still got some learning to do. [Both groan]

Zeep: Aah!

Rick: Unh!

[Snorts, spits]

Rick: Class dismissed.

Morty: Geez.

[Bottles clatter]

Rick: You all right?

Summer: Uh-huh!

Morty: What are you doing, Rick? I'm pretty sure the battery's dead.

Rick: Oh, you think so, huh, Morty? Well, let's see.

[Engine turns over]

Morty: Hey, wait-- huh? I don't get it.

Rick: Of course you don't. But Zeep did. He knew that once I got back to my car, one of two things was gonna happen-- I was gonna have to toss a broken battery, or the battery wouldn't be broken. 

Zeep: Peace among worlds, Rick.

Morty: Jesus.

Rick: Yeah. Listen to that baby purr. You were right, Morty-- We really just needed to be honest with those guys. All right, here we go.

Rick: Thank y-o-o-ou. See, Morty? This is what it's all about.This is why we do what we do.

Morty: Uh-huh.

Rick: Ew! What the hell? Jesus! There's flies in my ice cream.

Ice cream clerk: Presidential decree-- All ice cream is now for all beings, no matter how many legs.

Rick: What the fuck did you do, Summer?!

Summer: It was your ship! Your stupid ship did it!

Rick: Don't blame my ship!

Summer: It melted a child!

Rick: My ship doesn't do anything...

Summer: It killed it itself!

Rick: ...unless it's told to do something!

Summer: We almost died!

Rick: I don't want to hear it, Summer!

[Shouting indistinctly]

Rick: Your boobs are all hanging about, and you ruined ice cream with your boobs out. And don't even try to deny it, either.


Morty: [Groans]

[Car alarm chirps]

[END]

What's new at school?

Nothing.

Nothing! Oh, uh, one of the lunch ladies died.

They found her in the gym with, like, two holes in her neck and all the blood drained out of her.

Good lord! Who does something like that?

Obviously a vampire. W-w-where's the pepper?

Wait, what?! Vampires are real?!

Yes, Summer, vampires are real. Who knew?

Oh, right, all humanity, for hundreds of years, now.

Yeah, Summer, it's a big universe.

Get used to it. R-right, Rick?

Well, what are we going to do?!

We're gonna live our lives until we die.

Possibly by vampire. More likely auto accident or heart disease, but possibly vampire.

Grandpa Rick, couldn't you, like, use your superknowledge to turn yourself into a teenager and come to our school and help us hunt the vampire down?

Um -- wow.

Yeah, pretty specific pitch, Summer.

I probably could turn myself into a teenager and hang out in the zit-covered, hormone-addled, low-stakes assworld that is high school.

But here's my reverse-ask -- why in the [Bleep] would I ever do that, ever?

And how dare you even ask me that?

And why aren't you more ashamed of yourself?

Dad!

Be ashamed of yourself, sweetie.

Jerry! Do you know what you just said to our daughter?

Sor-ry! I wasn't paying attention.

To a conversation about vampires?!

Clearly, I didn't know it was about vampires, because I wasn't paying attention, which you would know, if you ever paid attention to me!

Oh, here we go, right to the victim role.

Am I a victim, Beth, or am I married to a mean, unfair monster that always hurts me?!

Jesus Christ!

Will you fix your marriage or get a divorce already?

Well, we tried a couples' therapist.

That's earth therapy.

You might as well ask a horse to fix a merry-go-round.

I mean, he'll try his best, but mostly, he's just gonna get horrified.

I know about a place off-planet with a 100% success rate.

Well, we want to make it work, if we can.

It's just -- then it's settled.

No need to pack.

Oh!

Let's go, go, go, go!

[Door opens, closes]

Do you think mom and dad are, you know, gonna get a divorce?

I think it's okay to dream, Morty.

I'm gonna go make some wooden stakes.

♪

I booked you for a two-day intensive at nuptia four, the galaxy's most successful couples' counseling institute.

They could save the marriage of a dog and a bar of dark chocolate.

They could save the marriage of a p0rn star and a p0rn star.

Well, I know I'm ready to try whatever it takes.

Which clearly implies that I'm not.

It's not a competition, Beth.

Oh is that how you're gonna try to win, by implying I'm competitive?

If the shoe fits.

My shoe fits up your ass.

You wish!

Okay, have fun. See ya Thursday!

Oh!

Jerk.

Don't insult my father.

He's the reason our kids are only half-stupid.

Ha! You just called yourself -- oh.

Beth and Jerry Smith?

Yes.

I'm glaxo slimslom.

Welcome to nuptia four.

Your marriage can rest easy now.

Jerry, go ahead and sit there and put this on.

This machine isolates the part of the subject's brain containing all perceptions of its romantic partner.

And we will now render Jerry's perception of Beth with artificial biological life.

[Growl]

Interesting.

What the hell is that?! Take that back!

You do not think that about me!

I didn't do anything!

They scanned it out of my brain.

Can I take it back?

There's nothing to regret. We're dealing with unconscious, unhealthy thoughts.

Beth.

Now, we scan for Beth's perceptions of Jerry.

Scan hard. He's dead to me.

Everything's dead to you.

What?

Nothing.

[Whimper]

Read it and weep, bitch.

[Crying] Does everybody see what I mean?

I think we all see what you both mean.

[Bell rings]

Any leads on the vampire?

No, Summer! I mean, you know, I think it might be time that we just l-let it go.

Oh, so, now, you're too cool for this, just because grandpa Rick is?

It's not that, it's just that the universe is a little too big to care about something so small.

Aah!

What up, my helsings?

Who wants to hunt a vampire? Ha ha ha!

Rick? How -- how did you --

Yeah, I got bored and then, I remembered, this morning, how I blew Summer off, and I thought, "hey, why are you such a grumpy douche, Rick?

Go to the garage, transfer your mind into a younger clone of yourself, and get embroiled in some youthful hijinks, what's the bfd?"

So here I am. I'm tiny Rick!

O-o-okay.

Well, it's good you're here, Rick.

I was pretty sure we didn't have what it takes to deal with a bloodsucker on our own.

Don't short-sell yourself, Summer.

You got everything it takes. But it'll still be fun to do this as a [Bleep] team, mother[Bleep] tiny Rick!

Yeah! Oh, my God, Toby Matthews!

Hey, Toby. I'm tiny Rick. I'm new.

Hey oh -- go easy on me. Ha ha. Just kiddin'.

I like your straightforward style and that lab coat's pretty cool.

Summer.

He knows my name!

Why wouldn't he? You're great!

But, listen, just be careful.

We can't rule anybody out as the vampire, not even the dreamboats.

Stop, tiny Rick.

Huntin' a vampire with my grandkids!

[Bleep]! Tiny ri-I-ck!

Glaxo: The next step is to watch your mythologues interact together and, uh -- big surprise -- it's never pretty.

[Laughter]

Here we have garrrh and zharbidar gloompfschs, or, should I say, here we have the way garrrh and zharbidar perceive each other.

[Roaring]

[Chuckling] As we can all see, this is hardly the real garrrh and zharbidar.

Which is good, because the relationship in their heads is not only ugly, it's unsustainable.

[Beep]

[Roar]

[Growling]

You may already be learning something important -- all of these relationships are different, none of them are real, and none of them work.

We are not the monsters we sometimes see each other as, because we are real and we are functional.

That's what makes us better than them.

We can find solutions.

We can adapt.

We can communicate.

[Growl]

And, most importantly, we can work together.

Well, it was a tough adventure, but it paid off -- our school is vampire-free!

Man, who would've suspected coach feratu?

You did great, guys. Couldn't have done it without ya.

You know, we -- w-we should be proud of ourselves.

We killed a vampire and a gym teacher.

Ha ha ha. Talk about two-for-one, right?!

So, how, exactly, is your old body living in there, grandpa Rick?

Oh, you know, hyperbaric quantum fluid, [burp] That kind of thing.

It preserves living tissue. Not that there was much to preserve. Look at that mummy! Ha! Ha ha!

And I guess it's time for me to get back inside the old-timer.

Oh, my God. Toby Matthews is asking if my parents are still out of town and if we can have a party!

All right, way to go, Summer! What did I tell you?

Ohh! He's asking if tiny Rick will be here.

Well, you know what, Summer?

Tell him tiny Rick will be here!

And tell him to bring some brews!

For real? Y-y-y-you would stay as tiny Rick, just so we can have a party?

Hell, yeah! What's one more night?

And who can have fun with this old b*st*rd hanging around, huh?

[Laughter]

Wubby lubby doob doob!

Whoo!

Tiny Rick!

[Growl]

Moving on. Now, we have Beth and Jerry Smith from the planet e-arth.

My heart is pounding.

This is gonna be great.

The e-arth relationships are simpler.

It's a primitive planet, so their dysfunctions are oh -- w-wait, what? What's going on?

Where are the Smith mythologues?

[Suspenseful music plays]

Jerry: Oh, my God.

[Shriek]

[Gasp]

Aah! Aah!

Oh, my God. Secure the cell!

Aaaah!

[Slice]

Uh, hey! You know what's fun? Our gift shop.

Why don't we proceed in an orderly --

[growl]

[ Whimpering ]

Oh, dear God, no.

They're codependent!

Run!

[Roaring]

Oh!

[Crickets chirp]

[Chatting]

[Rock music plays]

[ Laughter ]

Oh, yeah, yeah, you really know how to sport that color blue.

Really?

You're looking real good. Oh, my God.

Hey, Morty.

Oh, hey -- hey, Jessica.

So, is tiny Rick your brother or cousin, or...?

No, my grandpa just transferred his consciousness into a clone of himself so he could be in our high school.

Cool.

Hey, tiny Rick's playing guitar.

All right, everybody.

This next one's coming straight from the heart.

Making the lyrics up right off the top of my head.

♪ Let me out ♪ ♪ what you see is not the same person as me ♪ ♪ my life's a lie ♪ ♪ I'm not who you're looking at ♪ ♪ let me out, set me free ♪ ♪ I'm really old; This isn't me ♪ ♪ my real body's slowly dyin' in a vat ♪ ♪ is anybody listening' ♪ ♪ can anyone understand? ♪ ♪ Stop lookin' at me like that and actually help me ♪ ♪ help me! ♪ ♪ Help me; I'm gonna die! ♪

Tiny Rick! Thanks, everybody!

[Cheering]

This guy's amazing!

I love tiny Rick!

Bad. Ass.

[Hooting]

Yeah!

[Snarl]

[Hiss]

[Screaming in distance]

[Rattle]

Aah!

[Ominous music plays]

[Growl]

Huh?

What the [Bleep]?

Yeah, I know! What kind of operation are you running?

Us?! What the hell kind of relationship do you have?!

Oh, right, blame this on us.

Okay, uh, I can and I am!

Your demonized mythologizations of each other are cooperating.

Isn't that good?

No. No! It's bad!

You have the single worst marriage I've ever witnessed.

It shouldn't exist!

You should never, ever, ever, have gotten together and I do not understand how, or why, you would ever stay together.

Aaah!

Well, this is just bad couples' therapy.

Totally.

[Panting]

[Suspenseful music plays]

Wait for us!

There's only room for one more.

I'm a therapist. I'll talk to them.

They're not therapists.

Go, go, go!

There's gotta be a way to contact my dad.

Let's find a control room or something.

[Suspenseful music plays]

[Creak]

Beth! You'll want to see this.

What is it?

It's a small, hinged panel with a tiny amount of space behind it.

If you can find one, too, we should be safe for hours, maybe days!

You stay put, Jerry.

I'll send help, if I make it.

You don't want to find your own little hatch?

Jerry, I believe that, if you hide by yourself, you might survive and I believe I, by myself, have a shot of getting out of here, but the two of us, together?

I don't know.

Look, maybe the shrink was right.

Good luck.

[Roar]

All right, now, you listen to me.

Oh! Or don't.

Hey! Don't! Please!

[Hissing]

[Whining]

Oh, God, oh, God, oh, God!

Now, I know I've said, in the past, that math is important -- and it is! -- but I also think that, one day, you'll all look back on being in high school with tiny Rick and Morty, who I hear had a great party last night.

So, class dismissed.

You've got the day off!

All right! Good work, Mr. Goldenfold!

Yeah, get outside. Read a book.

Put on some sunscreen, Danielle!

Hey, what's up, Summer? Ooh, nice top.

Thanks. Tiny Rick, you think you might be getting back into your old body tonight?

No can do. Tonight's the big dance and Morty's bringing Jessica. He needs his tiny wing man.

Both: Tiny Rick! [Laughs]

Okay, but if not tonight, when?

I don't know. When I feel like it?

Damn, girl! You need to chill out!

This whole thing was your idea, in the first place, and, now, you're trying to rush it along.

Yeah, and you know what? I like high school.

I like hanging out.

Tiny Rick!

But what if the you that likes it isn't you?

[Laughter]

Oh!

Both: Oh, Summer!

It's just Rick in a younger body.

What's the -- what's -- what's -- what's -- what's the -- what's the problem?

Look at his art, Morty.

I've got an emo streak.

It's part of what makes me so rad.

Why does it say "help me Morty and Summer!"?

Come on, Summer, that's the title of the art.

Why was Knight Rider called Knight Rider?

The car's name was kitt. Nobody rode Michael Knight.

You're overthinking it, Summer.

I'm tiny Rick!

Grandpa, I think that, when you put your mind into this body's young brain, it did what young brains do -- it shoved the bad thoughts into the back and put a wall around them.

But those bad thoughts are the real Rick.

The fact that you're old, the fact that we're all going to die, one day, the fact that the universe is so big, nothing in it matters, those facts are who you are.

So you're trapped in there and you can only come out in the form of tiny Rick's teen angst!

Well, Summer, I hear Toby Matthews isn't into psycho chicks.

Can't think of anyone that is.

I'll see you mother[Bleep] at the dance! Tiny Rick!

Morty, you have to help me!

Summer, he's happy! I'm happy!

I-I-is that why you're doing this, you don't want me and Rick to be happy?

No.

Well, then get your sh1t together!

Get it all together and put it in a backpack.

All your sh1t, so it's together.

And if you gotta take it somewhere, take it somewhere, you know?

Take it to the sh1t store and sell it o-or put it in a sh1t museum. I don't care what you do!

You just gotta get it together.

Get your sh1t together.

[Slug wailing]

[Gasping]

Get back!

[Fart]

Wait, for real?

[Whimpers]

You're how Beth sees me?

Oh, my God.

Turn around!

I said turn around!

How can Beth have these thoughts about me?!

That judgmental monster bitch!

I'm not taking this.

I want to know where my wife is.

You are going to help me.

No! Nobody's doing that!

[Growling]

Stay.

What do you want?

Jerrys.

You want Jerry?

I don't even want Jerry.

I want Jerrys.

Waahee!

An army.

[Laughs]

An army of Jerrys.

The value of his subservience is wasted on you.

I will use it to dominate the universe.

Ah ha ha. Boy, Jerry must think I'm pretty stupid, for you to be this stupid.

Wouldn't it make more sense to put my dumbass husband in this chair, so you can make an army of youbadass self?

[Laughs]

There could never be more than one of me.

I'm the strongest, smartest being alive because Jerry thinks you're that much stronger and smarter than you are!

Okay, ouch.

♪

Oh, hey h-hey-y!

Morty, Jessica, what's up?

Check out the new dance I made up.

It's called "ooh let me out!"

♪ Let me out ♪ ♪ let me out ♪ ♪ this is not a dance ♪ ♪ I'm beggin' for help ♪ ♪ I'm screamin' for help ♪ ♪ please come let me out ♪ ♪ let me out ♪ ♪ let me out ♪ ♪ this is not a dance ♪ ♪ I'm beggin' for help ♪ ♪ I'm screamin' for help ♪ ♪ please come let me out ♪ ♪ I'm dyin' in a vat ♪ ♪ in the gara-a-ge ♪

[cheering]

Awesome!

Okay, that last part was really weird.

Maybe Summer's on to something here.

I don't know. It was fun.

You want to slow dance?

Tiny Rick, hey, great dancing as usual.

Moment of your time?

Tiny Rick, this conversation is gonna break my heart wide open.

You're a great student and the fact that you're an 80-year-old man in a clone body, it never bothered me.

But this here is another matter.

You recognize this?

We got a tip it was in your locker.

Yeah, now, because the gym coach was a vampire, the school board is embarrassed and won't take it public, however, they can't have students killin' teachers.

I gotta expel you for this one, tr.

I'm sorry.

I just got expelled, Summer!

Oh! So I guess there's no need to stay young.

My top!

Screw your top!

You ratted on me?!

I'm tiny Rick!

Fine! Yes! Because I love you and I'm trying to save your life!

High school is my life!

Summer Smith is a [Bleep] psycho nerd and she just got me kicked out of school!

All: [Gasp]

[Thud]

Boo!

Summer, I thought you were cool!

I'm sorry, okay?

How can you be such a bitch?

Oh, my God, Morty.

Your sister crossed tiny Rick?

Talk about self-destructive.

Yeah.

Jerry: Hey, Jerry-lover!

How about a taste of the real thing?

[Cocks gun]

[Roar]

Jerry!

Ah. Ah. Ah.

Ah ah ah ah ah aah aah.

Not on my watch.

That's it!

Beth, it's me, your husband!

I'm here to save you.

Or my name isn't Jerry Smith!

Aha!

Yes!

Jerry Smith!

Yeah, here.

Aha!

Okay, fair enough.

[Ominous music plays]

[Door creaks open]

Say goodnight, old man.

[Gasp]

What the hell are you doing?!

Put it down!

Summer, you bitch!

Don't talk to her that way! She's your granddaughter!

I don't need a granddaughter! I'm tiny ri-I-ck!

She's my sister! And if tiny Rick is gonna be an asshole to my sister, then, you know, y-y-you may as well be old again.

You think you're tough, huh, Morty?

What are you gonna do?

I'm tiny Rick.

I'm the coolest kid in your school.

How are you gonna just make me do whatever you say, huh?

I'm gonna do what real Rick would do if he was here --

I'm gonna kick your ass!

Ohhhh!

[Grunting]

Rick, I know you're in there!

I know you're trying to get out!

That's it, Morty! Hold him down!

[Ominous music plays]

[Ballad]

♪ drink up, baby ♪ ♪ stay up all night ♪

Listen to it, tiny Rick.

Listen to Elliott Smith.

Ugh! No!

Feel what he's feeling.

Ugh! Noooooooo! God!

♪ That you'll never see ♪

Oh, God, what is life?

How can someone so talented die so young?

What is being young?

I'm not young. I'm old.

I'm -- I'm gonna die.

My body isn't real.

Morty! Summer!

It's me! It's Rick!

Regular Rick!

Rick! How do we get you back into your body?

Okay, listen carefully. There's a set of diodes on the vat's control panel, a blue one and a red one.

Oh, God, what kind of world is this?

I didn't ask to be born. I need you to connect the blue one to my left temple and the red one to -- why doesn't anyone really like me?

Focus, grandpa! Just put the stupid wires on my head! I hate being a teenager!

Ugh! Arrgghh!

Ah! Uhhhhh!

Jerry, you can't bend metal.

Then make a me that can!

How can I do that while I'm watching you totally fail to bend metal?

Good old Beth!

The mind of a robot and the heart of an insect!

Don't talk that way about her.

What?

Oh, it hurts!

Oh, God.

Stop.

This representation displeases me.

Aaah!

Good lord. How did you...?

Well, I had a feeling that, in your mind, the ideal version of me is one smart enough to see you as...

A goddess.

Not such a stupid worm now, are you?

Honey, when it comes to the subject of your ego, I'm Stephen [Bleep] hawkinson.

Ugh, it's -- never mind.

I love you.

[Processing, powering up]

[Buzz]

Ugh agh.

Rick! Pants!

Holy sh1t!

Thanks, kids. You figured it out.

Well, Summer did.

Kind of weird that you were that willing to sell my existence out for some trim, Morty.

What?! Pants!

But listen -- I forgive you both because you know what?

I learned, today, something important -- the teenage mind is its own worst enemy.

Oh, I also learned this...

[Beeping]

Operation Phoenix is not the fallback I thought it would be.

I guess it's back to the drawing board.

Oh, my God!

Oh, my God!

Oh, my God. Put some pants on!

Put pants on.

Grandpa's back, baby!

Grandpa's --

[Buzz]

Oh, man, I gotta pick up your parents.

They have been blowin' me up.

One last swing for the road!

Aaaaaaaaaaah!

For the love of God, get dressed!

So, what do you think? You wanna keep this marriage going a while longer?

At least until Morty has graduated high school.

Oh. Mm.

[Moaning lightly]

Aha, you see? What did I tell you two?

It worked.

You know what, Rick? I guess, in a way -- already lost interest. Get in the car.

I've been inside a kid all day and, now, I can feel my bones scraping each other.

Uh, just so you're prepared, there's a bunch of dead mes in the garage.

Huh! Sounds like our stories were connected by a theme.

[Laughter]

Not really, Jerry.

Probably a cosmetic connection your mind mistakes for thematic.

Oh.

Old Rick! Ruinin' everything!

♪

[Squeaking]

[Ominous music plays]

Master.

Speak.

Coach feratu's presence was discovered by the humans.

He has been destroyed.

No bother.

The mortals shall soon --

I'm sorry, what did you say his name was?

Coach feratu. Coach feratu.

That was his real name, like his actual vampire name?

No no no no. His vampire name was balik alistane.

Why the [Bleep] would he name himself after a famous vampire movie? Was he doing a bit?

I do not know, your unholiness.

Jesus [Bleep] Christ.

From now on, no more of this clever-name bullshit.

When a vampire is pretending to be a human, they can just call themselves Alan Jefferson or something like that.

It's crazy, right?

I mean, am I being an asshole?

Okay, I feel like everybody in the room is looking at me like I'm the buzzkill.

I'm not?

Good. Okay. Great.

[Hiss]

Oh, my g--!

Did you get any of that?

It's-a good-a show!

[Drumroll]

[END]

Rick: Don't worry about Jerry. He's gonna be fine.You hear me Jerry? You're gonna be fine!

(Jerry pukes.)

Morty: Woahh!

Rick: ooo... Watch out for that stuff. It'll stain if it gets on your clothes, and it'll send into a murderous rage if it gets in your eyes or mouth.

Beth: Why would you keep mutant bacteria in a pint of Cherry Garcia?

Rick: I know this isn't the time, but, you know, technically the second freezer drawer is mine.

Beth: Not anymore.

Rick: You're overreacting!

Alien Nurse: We're losing him.

Rick: Alright fine, but you're not touching my CRISPR.

Summer: Is he going to die?

Alien Nurse: Don't worry. Dr. Glipglop is the best in the galaxy

Dr. Glipglop: Hello, I'm Dr. Glipglop.

(Jerry pukes a projectile of bile directly at Dr. Glipglop. Dr. Glipglop breaks out into a murderous rage. Rick then disintegrates Dr. Glipglop )

Rick: What? Every hospital claims to have the best doctor in the gal(Belch)axy. It's like those pizza places that claim to have the best pizza in the world. What- Do you think they have pizza contests? Have you ever been to a pizza contest?

Beth: Go in the waiting room, Dad.

Rick: Fine! (Transition to the waiting room) Excuse me. Coming through. What are you here for- Just kidding, I don't care. Well this won't do.(Rick walks up to a TV and smashes the cable box)

Alien Nurse: Hey! What are you doing!?!

Rick: A sequel.

Alien Nurse: I don't understand.

Rick: Yeah me neither, we pretty much nailed it the first time. (On the TV: Inter-dimensional Cable II)

(Intro)

(Rick begins to flip through channels while Morty and Summer look very worried)

Randy Dicknose: Man vs. Car. The newest hit show where it pits a man vs. a car. Tonight's episode Jenkins fights... a regular old car. Here we go. He's pushin' his way through, he's trying to fight that car. The car seems to have the upper hand- Oh, he just got some push-back there.

(The car runs over the man and the tires rip him apart)

Randy Dicknose: Oh, he just got ran over and chewed up by the tires. I guess that's another one for the car. Ha ha ha ha ha... I mean, wouldn't the cars always win...?

(Channel changes)

Alien Man: Samantha, I need to know that you understand that I have a couple of eye-holes. (The Alien tears off some skin flaps and reveals some eye-holes)

Samantha: I do, I do understand about your eye-holes! Here, look at my eye-holes! (She tears off her skin flap to reveal many more eye-holes)

Alien Man: Oh, my goodness you have eight eye-holes! (Their eye-holes make contact and start to "kiss") Oh, I'm looking through your eye-holes!

Samantha: Yes, look through my eye-holes!

(The Eye-hole man hovers above the home in a helicopter, then uses a rope to drop into the house)

Eye-hole Man: I'm the Eye-hole Man! I'm the only one whose allowed... to have eye-holes! (He kicks the eye-holes out of the aliens' heads) Get on up outta here with my eye-holes!

Announcer: Eye-holes! Get them today! IKEA.

Rick: You gotta be careful Morty, if that guy catches you with a box of his eye-holes he comes bursting in through a window and just starts kicking the shit outta you. But it's worth the risk, they melt in your mouth Morty! They're delicious.

Beth: I can't believe you're explaining alien cereal, we're worried about Jerry.

Rick: Well you're thirty-nine years too late, or however old he is. Is he fifty? Jesus, Christ, Beth is, is Jerry fifity!?

(Transition to Jerry who is just waking up in his hospital bed)

Jerry: Where am I?

Alien Doctor: Relax Mr. Smith, you're in an alien hospital. I mean to you it's an alien hospital, to me you're just in a hospital. There's another matter we need to discuss with you.

Jerry Ok?

Alien 1: An hour ago Shrimply Pibbles, the galaxy's most influential civil rights leader, was brought to this hospital's emergency room where he is currently fighting for his life!

Jerry: My God!

Alien 1: Mr. Smith, Shrimply Pibble's life can be saved if we replace his heart with your human penis.

Jerry: I see-WAIT! What?

Alien Doctor: It's perfect! The configuration of veins, the ratio of thickness to elasticity, the delicate asymmetry of what you call "your balls". With relatively few adjustments, your genitals can be molded into a functioning heart for the most important man in the universe!

Jerry: Yeah, but, I mean-

Alien 2: Oh, forget it! I told you this was a waste of time!

Alien 1: Have respect Yarp, the earth man's world is tiny and undeveloped. He knows nothing of the genocides of Klorgon or the tragic events of 6-5.3-4-3-2.2-3-14

Old Alien: And even if he did, he wouldn't comprehend them. I've dwelt among the humans. Their entire culture is built around their penises. It's funny to say they are small, it's funny to say they are big. I've been at parties, where humans have held bottles, pencils, thermoses in front of themselves and called out "hey look at me! I'm Mr. so and so dick." "I've got such and such for a penis." I never saw it fail to get a laugh.

Jerry: Alright! That's enough. You guys are talking about my species! We understand genocide, we do it sometimes!

Alien 1: Then you would give your penis so that Shrimply Pibbles may live?

Alien 2: Stop asking!

Jerry: Yes I will! That's right, assholes, take my penis, TAKE IT ALL! And tell Shrimply Pimples that when the galaxy came calling, Jerry Smith from Earth didn't flinch!

(Back to the waiting room where Rick is laughing while everyone else is stressed)

Rick: Hey, what's wrong Morty? Oh, you're worried about your dad, huh?

Morty: Huh? Uh, no no no, I'm-I'm just looking at that lady getting coffee. What's up with her face? Is she a human or is she like Worf. You know Worf, from Star Trek, how he has the shit all over his face but he's just a human in a costume, you know?

Rick: Morty let's-let's see what else is on.

Morty: Okay.

TV Host: And now we're back to "How Did I Get Here?" The only show that makes you ask "How Did I Get Here?" (Weird laughing from him) Here's our first person!

(It's the Worf lady stuck on top of a light post)

Worf Lady: Oh, oh my goodness! How did I get here? HELLO!?! How did I get here!?! Somebody help me, please!

(Morty looks back where the Worf Lady was and sees that she is not there)

TV Host: Ha ha ha ha, right!

Morty: Whoa! Look! It's that lady with all that shit on her face like Worf from Star Trek! Tha-That was getting coffee! How did she get there!

Rick: Oh, man Morty. How DID she get there?

TV Host: How DID she get there? He he (winks at the camera)

Beth: Is that something we should be concerned about?

Rick: Just stay away from the coffee machine.

TV: Calling all Jan-Michael Vincent's, calling all Jan-Michael Vincent's!

Announcer: In a world, where there's eight Jan-Michael Vincents.

Intercom (TV): We need one Jan-Michael Vincent to quadrant C. Two Jan-Michael Vincents to quadrant E.

Announcer: And sixteen quadrants. There's only enough time for a Jan-Michael Vincent to make it to a quadrant. He can't be in two quadrants at once.

Morty: Rick, who-who is Jan-Michael Vincent?

Rick: Oh man, I'm trying to remember Morty.

Announcer: Jan-Michael Vincents are used up.

(On TV) Radio Control Guy: I need a goddamn Jan-Michael Vincent!

Morty: Is it important that we know who Jan-Michael Vincent is in order to get this?

Rick: Nope.

Alien-Robo Judge: I refuse to sign the legislation that allows more than eight Jan-Michael Vincents to a precinct.

Announcer: This JANuary, It's time to MIKE down your Vincent's. Jan Quadrant Vincent 16.

Rick and Morty: Whoa!

Rick: That's Jan-Michaels.

Morty: Excuse me, nurse, can you take my temperature? Because I think I have Jan Quadrant Vincent fever over here.

Rick: All right, Morty you've done it!

(Back to Jerry in the operating room from the view of a woman giving birth)

Alien Doctor: So, we'll be detaching your sexual organ at the base by making incisions here,here, and here. (The Alien Doctor draws on Jerry with a red marker)

Jerry: Got it.

Alien Doctor: Leaving a partial length of severed urethra to be threaded through-

Jerry: (Laughs nervously) Oh, you know what, I gotta laugh at myself here! I'm having a little laugh at myself because I just realized I haven't run this whole decision past my wife.

Alien Doctor: Oh, do you think she'll be okay with this?

Jerry: Oh, absolutely. Beth is automatically on board, always, with every decision I make.

(Back to the TV)

Stealy: Hey, I'm Stealy. Follow me on my adventure through this office. Alright, here we go. We're gonna just steal a couple of things. (He walks into another room and just starts taking things)

Business Man: Excuse me. Can I help you?

Stealy: Starting with common office objects.

Business Man: Hey, hey, hey! That's my stuff!

Stealy: Such as staplers and pins and all sorts of things like-such as that.

Business Man: That's it. I'm calling security.

(Stealy chloroforms the man, then takes his body with him, transition to Stealy walking through the streets, transition to Stealy in his safe room full of items)

Stealy: All right, okay, we're in the quiet safe room where none of the people whose stuff I stole can get to us. Now, let's look at all the stuff we got. We got a bag of Bobbish. That's eight brapples. We got a plumbus. That's six and a half brapples. We got, uh, a-crushed party cups. Fifteen and a half brapples.

(The show plays a "winner" dinging sound effect) (The TV transitions to a stand up comedy show.)

Comedian: Welcome back to "funny songs". It's all improvised. It's very funny. I need a volunteer from the audience.

A man in the audience: Um, longtime fan of the show. Uh-

Comedian: What do you do? What is your profession?

A man in the audience: I am a tax attorney.

Comedian: Okay, here we go. Hit-hit the music. (Bad singing): I'm a tax attorney oh, geez, oh forget about everybody else, forget about Jesus Christ, forget about Muhammed, forget about.... all those religions! Ba da ba ba da ba bop! The end.

A man in the audience: Oh man. Oh, that was so-so funny. Thank you.

Comedian: You're welcome. Hey, um, security guards, take him out. Get him out of here.

A man in the audience: What?

Comedian: Get the orthodontist out of here.

A man in the audience: No! Why?!?

(The security guards start beating him up)

Comedian: Take him out of the audience. Kill him. Sick him. (A dog runs in and attacks) Demons, suck his life out. I don't give a shit.

Alien Doctor: Smith family?

Beth: Yes?

Alien Doctor:I wanted to let you all know that Jerry is doing just fine.

All: Yeah, whoo, awesome, called it, that's good news!

Alien Doctor: But, ah, Mrs. Smith, could you come with me?

(Transition to Jerry's hospital room)

Jerry: Hi, honey, so, here's the thing-these guys-they want to completely remove my penis and use it as an alien's heart, and we just need you to sign off on it.

Beth: WHAT!?!

Jerry: Uh-oh, maybe we have a problem here after all guys. Yikes.

Alien Doctor: His penis will be replaced with a sophisticated prosthetic, now there's a wide range of options to chose from, they're all in this catalog.

Beth: I don't care about prosthetics, this is insane! What do you people think you're doing?

Alien Doctor: I understand your feelings, Mrs. Smith.

Beth: Oh, I don't think you do. I bring my husband in for emergency medical treatment, he's gone an hour, and now you want his PENIS, and you hand me some... catalog. It's--It's--It's--It's, I mean.

(She looks at the catalog and gets less and less angry about the idea)

Jerry: Sheesh, well, there you go. Sorry. I know it's hard to understand, but on Earth, love comes first.

Alien Doctor: There are those that believe, Mr. Smith, that Shrimply Pibbles represents love between all life. His fate will determine the fate of hundreds of billions of sentient life forms.

Beth: Woah! Woah. So, billions of life forms?

Alien Doctor: Hundreds of billions.

Beth: I mean, Jerry, y-you didn't explain the full gravity of the situation.

Jerry: Uh, well, Beth, I don't think your decision should be based on politics. Who could argue with a wife's decision to keep her LOVER INTACT.

Beth: Well I don't think that's fair at all, Jerry. At all. In fact, I think this whole paradigm has sexist overtones.

Jerry: Beth, can we talk about this privately?

Beth: You know, I think, the bottom line is, Jerry, if you want to keep your penis, you should say, out loud, "I prefer to keep my penis."

Jerry: (louder): But, Beth, what kind of man would say something like that if the universe needed his penis!?!

Beth: Well, Jerry, what kind of wife would I be if I did anything to stand in your way?

(She looks at the catalog again, definitely with future plans in mind.)

(Transition to the waiting room, a commercial plays)

Restaurant chef: Hey, listen, is your mouth tiny and small? Then why don't you come down to 'Little Bits?'

Background whisper: LIttle Bits!

Resturant chef (improvised): Where the food is tiny...it looks like regular food. But really tiny. You put it in your mouth and eat it. Nothing gets stuck in your lips. It's just tiny and tiny and fits (laughter) fits right in!

Background whisper: Little Bits!

Restaurant chef: (improvised) We got....tiny uh-lasagna. tiny pizza, tiny pie. Mmh! Little tiny...fried eggs! (surprised) Oh, shit! We got tiny people!

Background whisper: Little Bits!

Restaurant chef (improvised):You hungry? Come on down!

Background whisper: Little Bits!

Restaurant chef: Eat some fucking shit, you fucking stupid bitch! (laughter) Just kidding.

(Transition to Jerry and the alien doctor. Alien doctor leads Jerrry into a secluded room with a desk and a computer)

Alien doctor: You got some time to kill befpre the procedure, so I assume you'd like to uh....use your penis one last time. Here's my computer. It's got the alien internet on it. (He clicks and a window opens where tentacles tickle an alien hole of some sorts) There's some...porn. And there's an alien towel- I actually got that on another planet, so it is an alien towel to me! Good luck!

Jerry (disspirited): Thanks. (he watches the doctor leave with a hopeless expression, looks at the towel and sighs. He sits down, clicks the alien porn away and finds secluded information about Shrimply Pibbles.) What is this? (he takes a closer look) Hmm..Hey! Wait a minute!

Alien doctor (from outside): Oh, um...Mr. Smith!

Jerry (lying hastily while pulling down his pants): Yeah, just masturbating!

Alien doctor (enters): I forgot to mention, there are extensive medical records open on my desktop, but >I trust you to confine your activities to the purely pornographic.

Jerry (overly serious): Absolutely!

Alien doctor (whlile leaving) Good luck!

(The door closes and Jerry clicks back on the window with the secluded information)

Jerry (raises his eyebrow and can't believe his luck): My God! (laughs) Mr. Pibbles. (leans back and folds his arms behind his head) You just wrote my penis a one-way ticket to staying on my body town.

(Transition to the waiting room, a news show starts playing, a weird worm-like creature in a suit whose body fades out in the right screen holds a bunch of paper.)

Announcer: It's the Opposite news, with Michael Thompson!

Michael Thompson: Hey, everybody, it's me, Michael Thompson! Today, the pope...didn't..get killed! (His body gets a tug to the right and he looks irritated.) He's perfectly fine...and he's on vacation on Aruba.Uh. In other opposite news information-

Morty (confused and a little concerned): Hey, Rick ..what's the deal with this guy? Why is his body, like..sloping off to the right side of the screen like that?

Rick (indifferent): I dunno. Let's see what else is on, huh?

(Channel changes to a cooking show with a similar alien whose body disappears in the left side of the screen)

Pichael Thompson: Hey, welcome to 'cooking things'! I'm Pichael Thompson!

Morty: Hey, look, rick! This guy's body is, like, sloping down and leaning off to screen left!

Rick: Oh my God, and his name's Pichael!

Pichael Thomson: I'm cooking a little bit of this, I'm gonna cook a little bit of that.. (He gets irritated as he tugged and pulls Michael Thompson over to his side, their bodies are connected) Oh, hey! Stop tugging, Michael!

Morty (gets it): Oh my God, Siamese twins! They're siamese twins!

Michael Thompson: You wuit tugging! I'm in the middle of my news!

Pichael Thompson: Oh, oh, it's always about you, isn't it. Can you believe this guy, ladies and gentlemen? He'S got his own news show, he' got a normal name..

Morty: Hey, flip back to the news!

Rick: Oh, yeah, yeah,yeah!

(Rick flips the channel back to the news, the news show is without hosts, you hear the brothers arguing)

Pichael Thomson: You can tell our parents started with naming him.It's like, oh, Michael. They had that one planned before they even got pregnant, I bet.

Summer: I don't wanna be that girl, but maybe there would be less conflict if they didn't shoot there shows at the same time?

Rick: Uh, Summer, you have no idea how much money that must save productions.

(The channels switch to the brothers again)

Pichael Thompson: And then they found out I was attached to him along for the ride and they said, 'Ah well, shit. Ah, just fuck it, call him Pichael!

Michael Thompson: Fuck you, Pichael! You're a fucking piece of shit!

(Jingle. Summer looks scared, Morty looks creeped out, Rick looks indifferent.)

(Transition to an alien press conference, Alien 1 from the surgical room earlier is speaking, cameras click, Beth is searching the catalog, impressed, Jerry watches her angrily, Alien 2 watches Alien 1)

Alien 1: Good afternoon!I know all of you are wondering about the condition of our dear beloved Pibbles.

Beth (quietly to Jerry): Which would you prefer between the XP20 and the XP20XS?

Jerry (angrily): I prefer my own penis! And so should you! (they stare at each other madly before getting interrupted by Alien 1):

Alien 1: The brave earth man whose sacrifice is going to allow Shrimply Pibbles to live.Mr. Jerry Smith (cheering, Jerry walks over to the microphone)

Jerry: Hello, everyone! Let's hear it again for Shrimply Pibbles, huh. (more cheering, cut to the audience) He's a good guy, isn't he? (cut back to Jerry, he looks like he's got a plan) I've just been learning about his accomplishments, from his march on Flirk Blirk Square, to his ongoing battle with heroin dependancy, he's the best. (looks arrogant, but is startled as more cheering comes his way) Um...yeah..well...it occurs to me that his heroin addiction may not have been a matter of public record!

Male reporter alien 1: You realize heroin makes up to ten percent of the atmosphere on Shrimply Pibbles' home planet?

Female reporter alien: His planet got destroyed by Clorgon death squads, he can't live outside of it without breathing heroin.

Jerry (insecure): Right! I know that! I just think...(breathes deeply to search for an answer)

Male reporter alien 2: This guy's trying to get out of giving away his penis! (crowd starts to boo and jeer)

(Transition to the waiting room, a documentary starts playing)

[END]

Morty: I got to tell you, Rick. It’s pretty great to be in this spaceship, just the two of us, you know? Just cruising around, Rick and Morty style.
Rick: I agree, Morty. [ Belches ]
It’s nice to get back to the basics after a pretty intense, mixed-bag of a year.
Ohh!
Relax.
That’s what windshields are for.
I didn’t know that there were bugs out in space.
Well, w-what did you think, Morty?
Life just developed on earth by itself?
Here, let me take care of this.
Morty: Geez, Rick, that’s disgusting.
I don’t want to look at that.
Yeah, guess I’m out of fluid.
L-let me find a place to stop.
Hey, muchacho, does your planet have wiper fluid yet, or are you gonna freak out and start worshipping us?
The general store ought to have what you need. Thanks.
Of course, you’ll be wanting to be gone from here by sundown.
Yeah, sure thing. Wait a minute. What? Why?
Sundown is when the festival begins.
The festival?
Ooh, well, for millennia, our society has been free of crime and war, living in perfect peace.
Oh, I know what this is!
You’ve been able to sustain world peace because you have one night a year where you all run around robbing and murdering each other without consequence.
That’s right.
What?!
It’s like "the purge," Morty. That movie "the purge"?
Oh, have you been here before?
No, no, but I’ve been to a few planets with the same gimmick.
You know, sometimes it’s called the cleansing or the red time.
There was this one world that called it just murder night.
I-it’s a purge planet.
They’re peaceful, and then, you know, they just purge.
T-that’s horrible!
Yeah.
You want to check it out?
♪
[ Electricity crackling ]
So, what do you do during the festival?
You lock yourself in, or you go out and do some stuff?
Oh, I do some pretty bad stuff.
Oh, I bet you do, old timer. [ Laughs ]
Gee... Rick, come on. The sun is setting.
W-we got to get out of here.
All right, well, w-what do I owe you for the wiper fluid?
It’s on the house. Oh, and, uh, why... why don’t you have some candy bars, as well?
Oh, no way. That’s really nice of you.
I’m a nice guy... For now.
[ Chuckling ] Ohh, I don’t doubt it.
Rick!
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, have a good festival, old timer.
I intend to.
Rick, unlock it!
Just a second, Morty.
Oh, look at that sunset.
Stop screwing around.
[ Click ]
There we go. Much better. Now we can see.
Great.
Hey, you know what, Morty?
Why don’t we christen our squeaky-clean windshield here by watching a little of this purge through it?
What?! No! What is your problem?!
Morty, grow up. If you don’t want to watch, don’t watch, but, you know, it’s my car.
[ Belches ] Also, if you tell your mom about this, I’ll purge you.
You’re the worst.
And this planet is the worst. How can you be into this?
You know, people are gonna kill each other.
So, what, y-y-you trying to sit here and tell me that [belches] I-if... if there’s a video online with someone getting decapitated, you don’t click on it?
No!
Why... why would I do that?
You do that?
I don’t, because it would bore me.
I see shit like that for breakfast, Morty.
But if you don’t do it, I say it’s because you’re afraid of your own primal instincts.
So you stuff them down and...
[ Bell chiming ]
Oh, oh! Shh. Shh. It’s starting.
Oh-ho-ho! Here we go.
I’m not watching.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, your medal’s in the mail.
I’m gonna get a closer look.
Oh, okay, sure.
And then someone’s gonna throw a rock and hit the car and then we’re gonna crash and we’re gonna be stuck down there and it’s gonna be what we deserve.
Yawn.
Whoa! [ Indistinct shouting ]
Whoa, they are purging the fuck out of each other.
[ Muffled screaming ]
Oh, my God!
Oh, shit.
That was... okay, yeah. T-that was gross.
Wow. Man, I think my eyes were bigger than my stomach on this one, Morty. Ugh.
My appetite for purge-spectating got filled pretty quick.
Oh, God. [ Grunts ]
[ Retching ]
[ Woman screaming ]
Get away from me!
No! No! Help!
Somebody help me! Aah!
All right, Morty. L-let’s get out of here.
Morty: Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. W-we have to go down there.
Rick: [ Belching ] What? Why?
Morty: That poor girl. W-we have to save her.
Rick: Uh, Morty, in space, we have something we call the non-interference policy. We got the wiper fluid.
We watched them kill each other. We’re leaving.
Morty: Help me save that girl, or I’m telling mom you brought me here.
You little turd. [ Screaming ]
Please! Leave me alone!
Leave you alone? During a purge?
I don’t think so, baby.
It’s okay. We’re not gonna hurt you.
Morty: My name is Morty. This is my grandpa.
We’re tourists.
Not anymore.
Aah!
Aah!
Oh, my God. This is fucking awesome!
Morty, this is really cool.
Hey, y-you want to help me out here and kill some people?
It’s fun. We’re totally justified because we’re saving a little girl.
I mean, w-w-we’re both free and clear to murder these people.
Are you okay?
Yes.
I have to find somewhere to hide.
Well, you can hide with us. Rick?
Yeah?
Morty: Do you think we could take... w-what’s your name?
Arthricia: Arthricia.
Could we take Arthricia up in the ship and, you know, just wait out the purge?
Oh, Morty, how can I refuse after all you’ve done to blackmail me?
Arthricia: Your vehicle... is it from the gods?
Morty: No.
Rick: Yes.
So, uh, you know, when the purge started, did people get into it right away, or were they like, "wait, what?"
This is gonna stop crime how, exactly?"
Yeah, it took some time for people to accept it.
Yeah, I bet. [ Chuckles ] I bet.
Yeah, it’s kind of like cellphones, you know?
At first, everyone was like, "look at those douchebags purging," and then the next thing you know, they’re like, "it’s just so convenient."
Geez, you working on your tight five for the comedy store, Morty?
Jerry: Whatcha doing? Watching some TV, playing on your phone?
Summer: Is that a real question?
Just making conversation.
Are you? What part of that gives me anything to work with?
Summer: My choice is to say nothing, be sarcastic, or bark "yes" like a trained animal.
Summer: It’s not a conversation. You’re holding me verbally hostage.
Jerry: Okay, ass-face. I’ll go in the kitchen.
Summer: Hey, dad.
Jerry: Yeah?
Summer: Whatcha doing?
Jerry: Going into the kitchen?
Summer: Okay.
Yeah, you like that?
Screw you.
Morty: So, uh, do most people wear masks when they purge?
I-I don’t want to answer any more purge questions.
All right, hey, hey, that’s cool.
I can roll with that.
[ Blowing raspberries ]
Arthricia: [ Gasps ] My nana!
Huh?
Arthricia: My nana! We have to save her!
Rick: You just now remembered your Nana exists.
I-I was traumatized.
Haven’t you been through like 15 purges?
I mean, some as a child?
Will somebody just help me get her?
Fine, whatever. Morty, stay.
Oh, God. Oh, crap. Oh, crap!
Get out! Get out!
Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Arthricia: Get the fuck out of the flying machine!
Morty: Oh, my God! O-okay! Okay!
Arthricia: Back up, asshole.
[ Whimpers ]
Back up.
Ohh.
Back the fuck up!
Aah!
For what it’s worth, I’m sorry, but that’s not really worth anything tonight, is it?
Y-you can’t leave us here. You’re killing us!
You hear me? Come back.
Y-you got to come back. Change your mind.
Oh, geez.
Rick: Morty! Aah! Fucking Amish bitch shot me! [ Grunts ] She tried to purge me, Morty.
You let your wiener do the walking, and now I’m dead.
Morty: Rick, she took the car!
Rick: You fucking kidding me, Morty?! She took my car and the gun.
We’re like the rest of these assholes now.
W-w-we’re gonna get purged, Morty.
Help me up.
Oh, geez, geez! Wait a minute, Rick.
Why don’t we just use your portal gun?
It’s in the car, dip-ass.
[ Grunts ] Oh, God, it hurts.
Rick: She got me right in the goddamn liver, Morty.
It’s the hardest-working liver in the galaxy, Morty, and now it has a hole in it. I hope it was worth it.
I was just trying to do right.
Yeah, well, that’s not really the theme of tonight’s party.
Heads up. rapists.
Well, don’t just stand there, Morty.
Rick: Purge 'em.
Morty: Me?
Rick: No, me. Should I rub my liver hole on them? Pick up a stick or something and kill them.
Um, w-we come in peace.
[ Screaming ]
Oh, my God. [ Grunts ]
There’s more where that came from!
You want to get purged, you bring it!
Drop [Belches] drop your shit! Drop it all.
Morty, go get their shit. Hurry up.
I only had one of those things I threw.
I’m holding a box of tic tacs right now.
Jerry: Want some crackers?
Summer: No, thank you.
Jerry: Are you ready to be nice to me?
Summer: In exchange for crackers?
Jerry: What happened to you?
Summer: Dad, get a job.
You’re trying to create drama because you’re bored.
Oh. [ Beeping, whirring ]
It’s the space phone grandpa gave us.
Summer: Hello?
Rick: Hey, Summer, it’s grandpa.
I need you to do me a favor.
I can barely hear you.
Who is it?
Rick: Morty and I are on a planet that’s purging.
I need you to take down...
A plan that’s what?
We’re on a planet that’s purging, Summer. Purging.
We lost our car and my gun, and we’re in a purge.
Ooh, is it Taddy Mason?
Like the movie "The Purge"?
Yes, I-I need you to take... that movie sucked.
Oh, my God. Hold on.
It’s not Taddy Mason?
Summer: Dad, who the fuck is Taddy Mason?
My friend.
Aah!
Are you okay? I’m putting you on speaker.
Taddy?
Yes, Jerry, it’s Taddy, a person no one’s ever heard of until now, calling you on a space phone.
I can’t tell if you’re being sarcastic.
[ Growls ]
Aah!
[ Growling ]
[ Gunshots ]
Reload, fast.
Summer, w-we need you to take down this number.
Quit screwing around.
Morty? Are you all right?
No!
Why are you with Taddy Mason?
Summer: Holy shit, Dad! Shut the fuck up!
Jerry: Okay. I guess I’m just this entire family’s toilet paper.
Are you writing this down? Will you please write this down?
Summer: Yes, yes.
7-7-1-9-8...
[ Growling ]
3-6-4-2-1-1-2-5.
Aah!
[ Growling ]
You son of a bitch!
Rick: Morty, I don't want to be the "a little help" guy, but a little help?
Aah!
Okay, I have a pen. Go.
7-7-1-9-8-3- 6-4-2-1-1-2-5.
A spoon, Morty?
A spoon?!
I’m sorry.
There’s a pile of silverware next to you, and you throw me the one thing that can never kill anything?
All right, okay!
Summer, on the shelf above my workbench in the garage, there’s a red box with a keypad on it.
You’re gonna take that box outside, and you’re gonna type the number I just gave you into the keypad.
Got it?
Got it.
Is it just part of growing up to hate your dad?
I’m ignoring you.
Morty, if I can get to the top of that lighthouse, I can send the beacon, and your sister can launch our package.
Just remember, if there’s people in there and they try to purge us, we got to purge them first.
We’re not purging anyone, Rick, all right? W-will you stop it?
Rick: Morty, if we’re gonna survive tonight, you’re gonna need to harness your repressed rage.
Morty: I don’t have any!
Rick: Spoken like a person with repressed rage.
[ Doorbell rings ]
I take no part in the festival.
If you desire to kill me, I only ask you do it quickly.
No such agenda, chief.
We’re not too keen on the purge, either, sir.
We were just hoping to get on the roof of your lighthouse so we can send a beacon to my sister on earth.
It’s a different planet.
By the way, life on other planets exists. Don’t let it distract you.
I’ll let you use my lighthouse for shelter and beacon-sending on the condition that you listen to my tale.
Okay.
Deal.
All right, I’m gonna go to the roof and set things up.
Morty, you listen to his tale.
Okay.
[ Clears throat ]
"Fade in. Exterior. Unnamed city. Day."
The hustle and bustle is a symphony of progress.
We pan past windows, each of which contain a different story, to find jacey lakims, 28... hot, but doesn’t know it.
Jacey stops when her high heel gets caught in the grating of a sewer.
Suddenly, a man steps into frame and points a gun at her.
This is not her day.
Fade to black.
"Title... ‘three weeks earlier.’"
[ sighs ] You really don’t want to talk to me about this.
Dad, grandpa and Morty are in danger.
You’re unemployed, and you’re bored.
They’re a higher priority.
Stop saying I’m unemployed!
Okay, 7-7-1-9-8-3-6-4-2-1-1
2... aah!
Good lord! Now what?
[ Whirring, humming ]
Look, I’m your father, and I love you is all I’m saying.
I’ll leave it at that.
Fine, dad!
[ Both scream ]
Summer: Oh, he might have said to take it outside.
Rick: Come on, Summer.
How hard is it to type some numbers into a box?
Target locked. [ Device beeps ]
Oh, thank God.
Well, I did my job. Summer did her job.
Now all Morty has to do is finish listening to that tale.
"Blane: Maybe I don’t need a new friend."
Jacey: Maybe you’re the only friend I need.
Blane: Need, or want?
Jacey: I’ve never been much for wanting.
"Blane: Spoken like someone with needs."
Oh, geez.
Hmm?
Uh, sorry. K-keep going.
"Jacey reaches out and touches his face."
It’s clear he needs what she wants.
She’s a woman. He’s a man.
The city burns in the background as he takes her in his arms.
Fade out.
Title... ‘the end’...
"Question mark."
Wow.
Yeah?
It’s... G-good job. Good job.
You liked it?
Of course I did.
You didn’t laugh at the scene in the bar.
I...Thought it was funny, but I wanted to hear the rest.
Do you have any thoughts? Notes?
No. I-I just enjoyed it.
That’s my note, you know? Please write more.
Seems a little insincere.
What? No.
You don’t have to mollycoddle me.
I want to improve my writing. Tell me your real thoughts.
All right. Well, um, I’m not a huge fan, personally, of the whole "three weeks earlier" teaser thing.
I feel like, you know, we should start our stories where they begin not start them where they get interest... get out.
Um, what?
No, I’m sick of this. You bang on my door, you beg me to help you, I share something personal with you, and you take a giant shit on it.
Hey, man, we asked if we could put up a beacon... well, you can’t. I want you out of here.
You’re a petty person, and you’re insecure, and you’re taking it out on me. That’s a good script.
What the hell?!
I don’t care. I want you out.
What?
Take that thing down.
Your grandson is a shitty person. Leave now.
Morty!
Morty: Rick, I didn’t do anything.
I sat through his entire screenplay... you "sat through it"?
Yes! Did you want me to weep with joy?
It’s terrible!
Whoa! Morty! We’re guests here.
I tried to be a good guest! He dragged it out of me!
I’m taking down this beacon.
No, stop! That’s not fair!
Just because you hate your own writing doesn’t make me a bad person!
Aah!
You like that? You want me to cut to three weeks earlier when you were alive?
Rick: Whoa, Morty. You just purged.
Beacon arriving. [ Device beeps ]
Okay, time to go.
Well, terrific.
[ Sighs ]
Summer: Dad, what’s going on? What’s the deal here?
Jerry: I just wanted to spend some time with my daughter.
You’re growing up so fast.
You used to be my little girl.
[ Chuckles ] Yeah.
Jerry: Remember when we used to go to the playground, and I’d push you on the swings?
Summer: Oh, you could push me higher than all the other kids.
You were so small and cute.
I thought you were gonna fly right off into the street.
[ Chuckling ] I used to pee my pants.
I know, and now look at you!
You have a job. You’re making really good money.
You’re not paying any rent, so you have plenty of disposable income.
Oh, God, dad. Please, don’t.
I just need a few hundred dollars to get through the month. I have some interviews coming up.
Something’s gonna come through. I can feel it.
I’m going inside.
[ Door shuts ]
[ Sighs ] I guess this is what rock bottom feels like, Jerry.
Ow!
It’s okay, Morty. It’s the purge, you know?
Pushing old lighthouse keepers down the stairs is totally cool.
It’s not cool, Rick. I-I’m not like these people.
I can’t run around chopping people’s heads off one day a year and then sleep well the rest of the time.
Well, you better start getting used to it, little bitch, because we got some fucking company.
Hey, there he is.
Here I am.
[ Beacon whirring ]
Rick: Morty. Time to [Belches] purge.
[ Gunfire, screaming ]
[ Tony! Toni! Toné!’S "feels good" plays ]
[ Screaming ] ♪ it feels good ♪
♪ yeah ♪
♪ it feels good ♪
♪ holdin’ you so ♪ ♪ it feels good ♪

Rick: Geez. Wow, Morty. Now you’re getting into it. Never expected that out of you.
All right, uh, let’s go find my ship.
Hey, hey, Morty, Morty. There it is down there... my ship.
It looks to me like the... Morty? [ Gunfire ]
Morty: Suck my dick.
♪ it feels good ♪
Morty: Eat this!
Ooh, boy, you’re really, uh...
Ha-ha! Ha! ♪ It feels good you’re really going for it over there, huh?
Rick: I, uh [Belches] I think, uh [Belches] I think those people were just hiding.
Morty: I don’t give a shit!
[ Gunfire ]
Rick: Okay, Morty, now you’re just shooting corpses.
Morty: How do you like this?
Okay, buddy.
All right. That’s good. Good job.
[ Screams ]
Time to go home.
[ Weapon charging ]
Wait, stop! Please, don’t kill me!
I-I never intended to harm you, I swear.
I am trying to end the festival.
W-w-what do you mean?
Arthricia: I was going to use your ship to destroy the rich assholes that run our society and save my people from the horrors of this yearly festival.
Morty: Fuck that, Rick! We got to kill her! Kill her! Kill her!
Rick: Whoa! Geez, Morty, purge it down a little.
"Purge! Don’t purge!"
You’re sending me mixed messages, Rick.
Rick: Morty [Belches] you’re acting like a [Belches] freaking lunatic.
Calm down.
Morty: Screw you, Rick! I'll purge you, too, you old, rickety piece of crap! This has been a long time coming! I"m gonna rip your fucking guts out and smear them all over your face! I ain’t taking no sh... aah!
Okay, s-sorry about that.
Now, where are these rich people?
[ String quartet playing ]
[ Glass clinking ]
To another successful year of the festival, pitting poor people against each other for thousands of years.
[ Tony! Toni! Toné!’S "feels good" plays ]
Wait, w-where is that music coming from?
What is the meaning of this?
♪ It feels good ♪
Here's the deal.
I’m not here to judge.
I’m just a guy from another planet.
But this girl is one of your poor people, and I guess you guys felt like it was okay to subject her to inhuman conditions because there was no chance of it ever hurting you.
It’s sort of the socio-political equivalent of, say, a suit of power armor around you.
But now things are evened out, so, Arthricia?
[ All gasp ]
Arthricia: Happy festival, cocksuckers! Suck my cock! Chew my balls!
Suck my huge dick!
Geez. ♪ It feels good ♪
You want to get in on this, Rick?
No, I really... honestly, I-I’ve had my fill.
It’s gratuitous at this point.
You sure you don’t want to join in?
This is really amazing.
♪ It feels good yeah, but... ah, all right. Fuck it. ♪
♪ It feels good yeah, bitch, what’s up? ♪
♪ It feels good ♪
♪ it feels good ♪ ♪ yeah ♪ ♪ it feels good whoa! ♪ ♪ Ohh, it feels good ♪

Okay, now it’s time we do a little dancing to... to Tony! Toni! Toné!
♪ It feels good, yeah look at my fucking feet, motherfucker! ♪
Whoo! Aw, yeah!
♪ It feels good ♪
Arthricia, what do you got?
Check this move out.
♪ Oh, it feels good ♪
[ belches ] Oh, ho!
I don’t know what song that is, but I fucking love it!
"Feels Good".
It’s a fucking hit song.
♪ It feels good ♪ topped the charts, I think.
Ho, ho!
♪ Oh, it feels good ♪
[ rooster crows ]
Hey, thanks for helping me, Rick.
You’re a pretty great guy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Fuck you for shooting my liver.
I’ll see you around.
Morty: Oh, man. What... what happened?
Don’t worry about it, Morty.
Listen, if you wanted to try to get a piece, you better hurry up. Now’s your last chance.
Morty: Hey, hey, Arthricia, um, maybe I could... uh, I have a boyfriend.
Okay.
I’m not trying to be rude.
I just... I don’t want to lead you on.
I-I-I understand.
I mean, thank you so much for helping end the festival, but I have a boyfriend, and, uh, he’s just... okay, okay, you can stop saying it.
I took it okay the first time, and now you’re just repeating stuff.
Oh, I’m sorry.
It’s okay.
Oh, you’re so sweet, I just... oh, but I can’t.
Yeah, you’re still doing it.
It won’t be easy creating a new society from the ground up.
Well, a helpful rule might be if you need something, you get it.
Pretty simple, right?
I need food.
Who’s got food for that guy?
I do, but this is for me.
Can’t you make some more?
Oh, sure. And while I’m making food for everyone, who takes care of my kids?
I’ll take care of your kids, if I get some extra food for it.
Extra food?
Well, I’m not gonna do extra work if we all get the same.
All right, okay, fair is fair.
If you do extra work, you get extra food.
Oh. [ All murmuring ]
Who’s gonna keep track of who gets how much food for how much work?
Hello. I can do that.
I’ll keep track of everyone’s food, you know, in exchange for food.
That’s not a real job!
Oh, and making food is?
You son of a bitch!
Eat this!
[ All screaming ]
Guys, guys, guys, guys, whoa, whoa.
Cool it, now. Take it easy.
There’s too much aggression here.
What if we designate a period of time during which we can all get this hate, murder, and rage out of our system...
I can’t help but feel ashamed about what I did back there, Rick.
I guess you were right. I’ve got a lot of repressed stuff.
I need to deal with.
Don’t worry about it, Morty.
Remember those candy bars earlier that we got in the first act?
Yeah, what about them?
Turns out they have a chemical in them called purgenol that amplifies all your violent tendencies.
Oh, boy. Whew! Thank goodness for that, huh?
That’s a relief.
Yep. Don’t even sweat.
You’re still the same old Morty.
Your character’s totally protected.
♪ It feels good ♪
Man: And there’s the approach.
Beth: Jerry, what is "Taddi Mason LLC," and why is our phone bill $700?
Uh... Hey, are you bored...
Uh... ...Lonely, just looking for a friend?
Uh... Call me, Taddy Mason.
It’s only $1.99 a minute to talk.
Uh... Sign up today, and I’ll even call you on a regular basis...
Uh... For just $1.99 a minute.
That’s a steal because I’m a great pal.
Uh... We could talk about sports or barbecue.
[ Grunts ]
Beth: Jerry, get a job.

[END]

[Open the Smith family house]

(The Smith Family is sat around a table having cereal for breakfast together.)

Jerry: The trick to cereal is keeping 70% of it above the milk.

Beth: Jerry, get a job.

(A knock is heard at the front door.)

Rick: Uh, w-why don't you get it Jerry? you're the man of the house and you don't have a job.

Jerry: *Sighs and stands up to answer door*

(Jerry opens the door and flinches in fear as a large brain-resembling, automated delivery mechanism [a 'courier flap'] hovers into the house and makes its way into the dining room.)

Courier Flap: (In an automated machine voice) Delivery for Rick, Morty, Summer, Beth and Jerry.

Summer: *Drops spoon upon seeing the Courier Flap* Gross, what is that thing?

Rick: It's a Courier Flap, it's like the Intergalactic version of UPS but less off-putting. *Reaches hand into courier and retrieves a metallic egg-shaped item*

OH SHIEEET! It looks like an egg-vite from Birdperson! It must be time for his annual Oscar party. By the way, our TV signals take lightyears to reach his planet, nobody tell him that Braveheart wins.

(Rick cracks the egg open like a regular egg. Upon cracking the egg, a miniature hologram emerges with Pachelbel's Canon playing in the background and videos of Tammy and Birdperson.)

Birdperson's Voice: Greetings, this is Birdperson.

Tammy's Voice: And Tammy!

Birdperson's Voice: Inviting you to Planet Squanch for our mate-melding ceremony.

Rick: (With disgust) Ughhhh... *places a napkin over the hologram and takes it to the bin in the kitchen)

Tammy's Voice: (Muffled by napkin) If you're not a bird, that means we're getting married!

Summer: Oh my God! My friend Tammy's marrying Birdperson!

Jerry: What the hell is a 'Birdperson,'?

Morty: He's Rick's best friend.

Rick: Uhhhh, l-l-let's not get carried away, Morty.

Courier Flaps: Would you like to RSVP or send a gift?

Rick: No. Weddings are basically funerals with cake. If I wanted to watch someone throw their life away, *belch* I'd hang out with Jerry all day.

Courier Flap: Affirmative. Returning to sender. *flies towards front door*

Beth: No, hold on, stay... 'Courier Flaps.'

Courier Flap: *Turning back around and re-entering dining room* Staying.

Beth: Dad, you have a friend that's getting married... that's a big deal.

Jerry: *Scoffs* it's a big deal he has a friend.

Rick: What do you know about friendship, Jerrrrrry?

Courier Flap: Confirm, shipping Jerry. *Hovers over Jerry and fully shoves him into underside before flying away through open front door and into sky*

Beth: Oh God, Jerry?! *Runs to front door*

Summer and Morty: Dad?! *Follow Beth*

Beth: *Looking into sky* Where is it taking him?

Rick: *Still eating cereal* I assume Planet Squanch, 6000 lightyears across the galaxy.

Morty: Wh?-Wh- th-th-that's insane!

Rick: Yeah, I know. Now we have to go to the wedding.

[Trans. Rick, Summer, Beth and Morty flying through the galaxy in Rick's space cruiser while the radio plays techno music. The cruiser then flies down through the atmosphere of a clouded planet and lands on the surface of Planet Squanch.]

Squanchy: Rick Sanchez, you psycho bag of Squanch!

Rick: *Unscrewing and drinking from scotch flask* Hey, what's up, Squanchy?

Summer and Morty: *Morty waves* Heya Squanchy.

Squanchy: Morty, Summer! And you must be Beth. *kissing Beth's hand* Au squanché.

Beth: *Holding a suit in a dry cleaning bag* Your language has 'squanch,' in it a lot. Doesn't that become tedious and worn out like the Smurf thing?

Rick: Beth, Squanchy culture is more... contextual than literal. You just say what's in your squanch and people understand.

Beth: Oh, okay... I squanch my family.

(Rick and Squanchy look at her with disgust and shock.)

Squanchy: Uhh...

Beth: What? I do, I squanch my family.

Squanchy: Just stop saying it, gross.


Jerry: I'm just saying, we keep acting like there's only two options, but there's not. So, yes, if we went back to earth, as long as Rick was out there, they’d want to interrogate us. But, and this is purely hypothetical, what if we turned your father in to the government?

Beth: Jerry, so help me god, if you ever bring this up again, no more bacon.

Jerry: There already is no more bacon! This world sucks! Our life sucks! Why are we doing this for someone that would never do anything for anyone but himself?

Morty: That's not the point, Dad! We love Rick! F-For the most part.

Summer: Yeah, you don't love people in hopes of a reward, Dad. You love them unconditionally.

Beth: That's very good, kids. I'm proud of you.

Jerry: Okay, so let me get this straight. For the rest of your lives, no matter how much it hurts you, no matter how much it destroys our children's futures, we're gonna do whatever Rick wants, whenever he wants?

All but Jerry: Yes.

Jerry: WHY?!

Beth: Because I don't want him to leave again, you dumb asshole!


Rick: Hey, uh, I was gonna hop over to the Gloppydrop System, get some ice cream.

Morty: You... You want me to come with? I mean, don't you need my brainwaves for camouflage or something?

Rick: I'll be okay. Bye, Morty.

Morty: Rick? You're not leaving, right?

Rick: Yeah, I am. To get ice cream.

Morty: So you're coming back?

Rick: Morty, if you go to where there’s a bunch of ice cream and then you don’t come back, you haven’t actually gotten ice cream, you’ve just gone where ice cream is.

Morty: Rick, I can handle it if you go, but you'll break mom's heart, and I won't forgive you for that.

Rick: Where's the van, Morty?

Morty: It's over the horizon in the driveway.


[While Rick is flying through space, he dials a number on his phone.]

Operator: [speaking in an unintelligible language] For English, press 2. [Rick pushes a button.] Connecting to agent.

Female Voice: Ongoing investigations.

Rick: Uh, hi. My name is Jerry Smith, I'm from Planet Earth. I know the whereabouts of Rick Sanchez, the wanted criminal.

Female Voice: Hold on!

[The phone is heard ringing as Rick is connected to another officer.]

Gribbles: This is Special Agent Gribbles. You have a tip about Rick Sanchez?

Rick: Yeah, he kidnapped me and my family, and he left us on Dwarf Terrace-9. He said he was gonna go to the Plim Plom Tavern. And listen.

Gribbles: Yes?

Rick: I'm doing what's right for the galaxy by calling you, so if we come back to Earth, can my family have a normal life?

Gribbles: We only want Sanchez, sir. Your family will be fine.

Rick: Nice, thank you. I'm Jerry Smith, and I enjoy sucking big, sweaty [*bleep*] and licking disgusting furry testicle sacks.

Gribbles: Uh, okay.

[END]

